KevinSays-;I really, really hope that this gets worked out. CLG has been performing and they deserve a chance to play at worlds with their full roster. Waking up to see the bad news really disappointed me.   #FAITHAGENEVERENDS
Flipsii;Erhmmm...NO IT's 1'000'000.00 in my Country in EU
wqerc13;It's to easy to obtain and favours the winning team closing out far more than the reverse.   Just had a thought that perhaps the empowered minions could only be given every second baron.  
Caesarar;Sorry, I don't read comments that start with "lol".
Machellitasumatmalad;You mean he showed he can........ vs gravity?, sorry but, that doesn't count. Please retire Dyrus.
FriedhelmBecker;LOL
Damian2M;That's true.
roda94;I've been playing since January. Went from bronze 4 to silver 4. It's not hard, and this guy must be trolling.
Boyd_BA;Weird statement to make League of Legends sound like work. I mean its not like we have to calculate dragon timer....buff duration...damage...how long to cook the burger...how much to invest in this company for a return in damage i mean profit. 
Rexze;if anything it makes them more hype because now they know how they can lose and work on it, a lot better they lose before worlds rather then during. 
Scoodsie;I had them both playing at the same time. I think my head exploded.
Sgtcrispyt;If you actually kept up with CLG or ever watched their streams you'd know he speaks decent English and has been with them for months, he constantly duos with Zion, Aphro and Pob. 
thatguyned;Kennens is way more embarrassing after you take cast time into consideration 
CWagner;Why? Because she argued against deleting subreddits? Or because /u/kn0thing fired someone and she took the blame for it while he acted as if he had nothing to do with it?
SkunkYooo;Why apdo and not the card god himself, Gross Gore? 
CaesarAX;So how many PMs do you get(I don't want see them, I just want to know how many you get)
Snaketicus93;Don't worry. TSM will still get rekt at worlds.
Fancypantsu2;Klabooe;HAHAHA 
sprezt;Honestly, Riot?  This is laughable. The number of times this type of incident has occurred... It beggars belief.
ZetaZeta;Doesn't matter.  The MMR/elo system is already fucked up enough with smurfs, inactive account, etc. so the "elo pool" is irrelevant.  Not to mention people lose LP when dodging and "create"/"destroy" LP when losing at 0 LP/winning at 100LP.  Besides, OP said MMR could remain unchanged anyway.  If you won against afk, it would let you win your series, but the enemy player wouldn't lose their series. Wouldn't harm a thing.
choywh;Other than that, I think CLG needed to confirm that they are qualified for worlds before they can apply for visas, which causes them to not have a lot of time to prepare.
Wemorg;lee sin
Shingpoo5;Because you would need syndra and tahm to just replicate this mechanic.
roda94;Then what.
4uk4ata;No, they aren´t in the Eurozone, that is the part where countries use the Euro as currency. They are talking about leaving the EU, but they have been talking about it for a long time.
Tacohawk76;*possible to dodge  FTFY
stokesy93;Vel'Koz, hasn't received many (if any at all to be honest) changes since his release and has been at a consistent win rate
GeilerGeleckter;I started watching the show when Faker mentioned it that they had to finish a series quick so he could watch it live. God Jinho/Yellow was super charismatic and I watched all seasons.
Boyd_BA;True but to what extent? He would still be behind Huhi and definitely behind the rest of the teams at worlds (at least in practice time). 
Vetano;He's one of the oldest champions who has one of the most versatile kits, you're right! In fact he's so frickin old that I didn't even link the champion spotlight in the description. That video is from 2010 and...it's funny I'll give them that! :P  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8Ai_Aw-5fc
roda94;lol. This guy must be trolling. Those builds are pure shit.
Raencloud;Well there are typically a couple different kinds of Thorin videos. Summoning Insight videos are just him and Monte and usually a guest host talking about how terrible or good x,y,z teams are or whatever other hot topic they want to address. Those are fun to listen to (sometimes), but honestly not worth discussing because I feel a lot of it is meant to just antagonize people.  The next kind is his interview series, Grilled/Reflections, which are very well done and without all the fluff we see in SI. These are usually his best work and is mostly focused around his guest answering questions about their careers, teams they've been in, or just providing insight into their thoughts or actions.  The last kind (this video) is his Thorin's Thoughts series where he usually thinks something needs to be changed or isn't done properly. These type of videos are probably the most important in terms of exposing and fixing flaws in the scene, but they are still his opinions and aren't always correct. At the very least they do promote discussion that can be beneficial either way.
Klabooe;Jesus, a senator? Have the branches of eSports extended that far?!
KickItNext;Oh yeah I was just joking around, I know the series isn't about trying to turn people into pros.
MrBoyBoy;k
AdmiredFob;I saw it quickly, but why do you even press A when you're in mid combat like that?  EDIT: Serious question*
resurrectedbear;Why does eu trash on na when all they have is Origen and fnc? Everyone else from eu would probably lose to tdk 
niceleaf;neat
Not_The_Shirts;Its a joke post guys :3
Firefalcon99;I think people are forgetting my friend Vel'Koz. The tentacle eye that does passive true damage, with a linear pass-through ult that applies his passive, and cant be blocked by wind wall. :D
Vetano;The reason why TF can be so good is when you have a high success rate when roaming and ganking. The problem with inexperienced TF players is that they'll probably not be that successful at roaming and then be stuck in a lane, they most likely can't just win by simply 1v1ing the enemy. I agree that there are tons of bad match-ups in the current meta, it's astonishing how Apdo can still avoid his weaknesses and carry games with his global presence.
Anwuzhi;"Is a leaf's only purpose to fall?" 
samanater456;Plenty of them on Ebay
clos1248;At the end of worlds. So November 
shokill;"It's not a bug."
X1phoner;Yeah it was pretty tragic.. Beating SSB, one of the two heavy favourites of winning the whole thing, in convincing fashion..only to drop a game against OMG after taking their nexus to one hit away from going down.. The players put up amazing performances throughout almost every game, such a shame luck wasn't on their side.. After losing to OMG they even managed to come back with a good mindset and crushed LMQ (now TIP), but then losing the last games.. I was really sad for them :/
-Basileus;Holy shit these games have so many kills
ggttcc2;OP stop being misleading. You dont need to be in your home country to apply for a visa, the only place you need to be in is the embassy of your target country even if you are required to apply in person. And if xiaoweixiao wants to apply for a visa for EU and uk, he won't have much problem just like lmq did last year.  Source: i am Chinese, i live in uk, and i applied a visa for Schegen area in UK.
qwe340;nah, even the Canadians call him ZionSpartan. 
toxichart;What kind of fucked up logic is that?!  They didn't fucking take what he said out of context at all, they gave complete context of what was asked and what he said, they even added follow up questions to it.  So if anything it's at least 86% his fault. There is a reason why lawyers object to test questions in court that ask the witness to give hearsay testaments. 
ArcticEnergy;Play with your friends dude.
Firefalcon99;Theres two really good sides to this. At times, there are WAY too many must bans. Champs that come out/reworked to end up OP and become perm ban/pick are annoying and sometimes theres more than the bans allow you. However the best counter argument ive found for this is that no matter how many bans you get, someone else will become must ban.  Ill explain. If champions 1-8(assuming 1 extra ban now), are typically banned in soloQ, other champions will fill that void. If Darius top is incredibly broken, and becomes perma ban, people will figure out what replaces him best, and that will become meta. People will then find the counters to the new picks, and they will become meta p/b. No matter how many bans we have, something else will replace what we already find problematic.
Caesarar;"Hype trains" are for simpletons. 
dontwannareg;&gt; But if the TOP comment is consistently "thorin is wrong", why does his content CONTINUE to get upvoted and watched?  because he brings complex theories to complex problems that have no clear or easy solution.  if his videos were some simple shit like "pollution is bad for the planet!" it would be like "no shit"   but thooorins take on pollution wouldnt be as simple as "its bad", it would be a 2 hour theory on different ways that different individuals and corporations and governments in different countries can all do different strategies to combat pollution.....some of it people would agree with, and some of it they would disagree with.   and the number one comment on that 2 hour long pollution video would probably be picking out a small bit and declaring it wrong. but it would still be a better video then its simpler counterpart. 
Azir_Used_Fly;You can find custom ones online just change them in the game files.
slinkywheel;this worked for me: https://support.microsoft.com/en-us/kb/929852  click download under disable IPv6
ErickX;The problem is more with Phillipines than with the Schengen Area though.
REMagic42;More like, "hey, we are influential trading partners with your country, do us a favor."  For instance, I coud imagine that SKT T1 had no Vias problems.
Vetano;Combo Sheet always features some sample combos. If you listen to or watch the video you will always see different variations and comments on how you have to choose your spells depending on the situation. I always love including the combo sheet, because there are very few helpful visuals like this for players who don't know in which order to press their skills.  For TF especially, no newcomer would probably think that you can use Pick a Card and choose a gold card DURING the channeling part of your ultimate.  I also noticed that the general opinion for non TF players looks something like "lol regi blue card OP" whenever TF doesn't pick a gold card. Better players (especially TF mains) know that blue card is probably the most picked card, especially in the early game.
KARMAGAMER;riot doesn't care
marnssj2;I hate champ select trolls.
IAmDarkridge;Already saw this posted, and it really isn't worth the early vision tbh.
Just4TehLulz;Her too
Mologar;So much this. But the flame you recieve while you pick Zilean mid is sometimes very harsh. But after you crush the enemy mid lane and carry the Teamfights basically by yourself because of one good ult and no one even thinks about giving you credit :( it is hard sometimes but i love that champ so much and i love it even more if i can prove all the haters wrong :D
Mikerism;HUHI and LIFT gonna carry 
Vorrtorr;citizen from EU or US usually don 't have problem to get to any country (except russia, syria etc).
AutoModerator;Your post has been removed automatically because all images and short videos, except for infographics, must be submitted in text posts.  If you submitted an infographic, please message the mods by [clicking here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fleagueoflegends), otherwise [click here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit?selftext=true) to resubmit your image the proper format.  If you're not familiar with the subreddit rules, you can read them [here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Magicslime;Whatever margin they lost to AHQ by, is the same margin they beat TSM by. If you think that one match isn't conclusive enough to say that FNC is worse than AHQ, you can't also say that one match is conclusive enough to say TSM is worse than FNC.   Regardless, you actually said "beating AHQ" which is 100% incorrect, because they lost the only game they played against AHQ. 
S0mango;You could argue that cinderhulk is better for scaling, but as said previously lee is good early and benefits a lot from the early warrior stats.  Going full cinderhulk / cleaver eventullay Titanic is a path, but it's way more mid/late. You can afford it if you have enough dmg in your team tho.
Aetiusx;I don't think it hurt the FNC hype train, its just that the reality of what western teams are up against is starting to set in for people (I think). The Asian teams are looking extremely strong as usual, and I think the past few years of western teams failing has caused a lot of people to lose faith. I hope a western team wins worlds, I don't care who. I'm just sick of seeing China/Korea win everything.
Rexze;its most likely azir which means he will the vic skin and a team skin xD
LightPurge;Don't know why you were downvoted. You bring up a good perspective. 
iamBlem;Aw, I want to be on the site.
Magic_Narwhal;watch EU defend this shit, lmao
IAmDarkridge;absolutely everyone knows she's great, but no one thinks she's broken. This is almost always the case.
dnisp;2 hour ban would make me rage like a mothafucka 
Rotom-W;No
mfWeeWee;welll maybe one person wants to let you win, and the other wants to fight? ever thought of that?
Rotom-W;Rush streams oh azubu
clos1248;What about ori lol ori and thresh are always viable no matter the meta. 
-Lugubrious-;I agree that something needs to change with this. As someone who owns everything on an account I stopped playing on it and smurfing more when this new system for toxin came around because I don't want to risk that and I shouldn't have to feel like that when it comes down to that much money.
JediShadowHood;the victorious one is some serious shit and the dragon too
YasuoisBae;If you been there for that long I guess its probably because you deserve to be
Vetano;I already did Rush's Lee Sin, I don't really want to do more than 1 video per pro player at the time. Also I believe there are other great Nidalee players (The Shy comes to mind), so don't think I'm trying to avoid doing a Nidalee guide here. I'm always on the hunt for suitable pro+champ combos, it's actually super hard to get enough replays from a well known player (known for a champion) on a single patch.
Firefalcon99;I've seen a lot of Ezreal players/people with globals use Clairvoyance to a great degree of success, and even some supports that use it to scout jungles to determine where the enemy jungler is. Hard to do, but it has a use.   Clarity, weird. Obviously not many champions need it. But i think just as few champions use ghost, but people still find ways to use it, and i think they could with clarity too, such as for siege comps. Not ideal, but it still has a use. 
WeinersAndBalls;Didn't LMQ go to worlds though...?
toxichart;not his fault at all? You're joking right? He fucking said something that could be against kespa rules as if it were a fact without even trying to find out if it was true or not.
s1Dx;Sona?
Kamunt;Well, we're having this discussion, aren't we? :/
X1phoner;You can'r change your teammates, none of us can. Thinking about them is pointless, arguing even more pointless and blaming them is borderline retarded. The only thing you CAN change and should change is yourself. Practice, learn from mistakes, watch high elo players, improve. Focus on your main role and champ and get really good at it for starters, then u can start widening your champion pool and learn other roles. But first get good with at least something..
psfrtps;You don't demote after one loss at 0 lp lol? your mrr probably suck ass thats why you demoted. I lost 6 games in plat 5 and didn't get demoted
Grroarrr;Cause a guy with good MMR won't drop after one game but like 3-5. Your MMR is kinda low.
Warwick_;It's only fun if they run
Rotom-W;Yea.. Riven's e works like this too. It's annoying to keep clicking after your e as your waking to lane. Oh well spaghetti coding. 
Stormhammer;Yeah - I actually started out with TF! Although I've come to love Karthus, mostly because when built right, I love giving people hugs. of death!  Definitely love TF for the surprise ganking ability though, and how his cards have different attributes. It makes him versatile.
LauKungPow;I'm not an artist, so take what you will from what I say, but I think you need to add more white to the eyes. Eyes are too dark, for my taste at least, and give off a more serious, creepy vibe. Give them a more chibi look to the eyes.
Vetano;Thank you sir, very nice comment!
Just4TehLulz;Eh, his damage as a support is pretty bullshit. 
Vetano;Thanks for your kind words! I'm not sure if and when I'd do a Swain guide. I'll probably wait until he's more of a meta pick or at least I get the other champions off my to do list that I've been planning so far. :)
Apisit100;Orianna 
PeteBlack101;"We have found a nice use for Tahm Kench in competitive play." - Riot Games 2015
Goorag;Considering how good some of the Asian teams are in p/b, Fnatic should be very worried. Not to mention how poor their early game has gotten and how good teams like SKT, KT, EDG, and LGD are in the early game. Their ideal situation would be to get IG and get no Korean team or AHQ.
Xenu_RulerofUniverse;He just needs to pretend he comes from syria. 
LKBN;SSSSSSSSSSSSIBAL
Set-Me-Free;Kayle ADC, Karma supp, zilean mid, lulu top. Someone needs to try this in a normal game.
Fiftey;The problem is with that vel Koz skin is his tentacles are just animations and not part of his body. 
neerzidaas;Faker.
Vetano;As said in the video an infamous Solo Q star from Korea/China. He won the race to rank 1 in the Chinese region when there was a competition (first winner got around 80k $). Read more here:  http://lol.esportspedia.com/wiki/Apdo
KounRyuSui;Oh, I see. The PH is still not a *bad* vacation spot by any means, it's just that one would want to avoid Manila if they want a real vacation.
Aishateeler;Click on their portrait? 
tixep;If I remember right last year at worlds wasn't that good for fnatic so ye lets have hope.
Berlinia;I thought the point of reddit is complaining about Riot's stupid decisions and starting a circlejerk, not making solid point :&gt; 
Rotom-W;Pros build Lee with warrior cuz early you want to snowball. Also Lee is the best early to mid. Thus they go a very mid game build. Warrior for the dps. Sightstone for objectives and the ward hopping. Mobies to get in the right place at the right time. Then mid late comes round. If you will not have enough of an effective hp pool to pull off what you did mid game. If you want to do the insec or even be in the middle of a team you need to be Tanky. Usually even full dmg your are just a kick late game. 
Vetano;[Here comes the money](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2pfESWR7gBs)
Bleevl;hmm, this has never happened to me, but i will take your word for it
Mr_Game_N_Win;Game 5 was for OG, xpeke performed really poorly on azir. As a team I think OG played better, only way to beat a team mechanically better at every role 
-Lugubrious-;Don't set you max bitrate more then 1500 on that connection. Turn shadows off and effect on low.
VoliTheKing;You wasting only damage source on nothing, not even extra dmg
dontwannareg;&gt; How did Aaron Rodgers ride the bench for 4 (?) years when he's now considered the best active QB in the NFL?   A man named Brett Farve had a fuck of a lot to do with that. I find it hilarious and very strange that you would even ask this question while using other sports analogies.   If you dont follow football enough to know that, dont use football analogies. 
Vetano;The point of my series isn't that you'll play exactly like these pros. I already mentioned in the very first episode that it's rather about trying to understand why they are so good. Additionally I love explaining the exact steps and your game plan to victory (win conditions).  Ignore this comment if you got that anyway from my series... :P
gawegwadw;You're just a FNC fanboy stfu you know they are gonna get smashed by china/korea.
Firefalcon99;Well to be fair, Baron is the tool to crack open a turtling teams base. Its meant to close games for a winning team and stall/comeback for a losing team. If the losing team is looking for a comeback then they need to get baron or 5 dragons. They need to create opportunities to do that. If the other team gets it, theyve missed their chance to comeback. 
Meso_93;IKR :P
toxichart;Can you point me to any episode or segment where said rumors could damage an entire region's reputation and cause the government investigate if these rumors are true or not?  
korsan106;&gt;I know that it might just end up having a response such as,                   you probably know people will abuse it too as you said it is just a bad idea like I wouldnt be able to PLAY  a game on my smurf because I would get kicked every game for playing shit like tf jungle or ad chogath even though I end up carrying.  everyone rages at me in champ select
toughbutworthit;except they do
Goorag;I expected them to get to Quarter's and drop out before playoffs began. Now, their chances of making semis is extremely small.
toxichart;Can you point me to any episode or segment where said rumors could damage an entire region's reputation and cause the government investigate if these rumors are true or not?
Jimmie-Kun;I predict TSM gets the easiest group, they seem to have very good luck in group draws every time :) 
SovietPirate;Fuck Xmithie that ult missing bitch.
ShisuiFlashed;.... it seems obvious to me but if you couldn't tell its definitely Caitlyn. I would love a Quiet Cait skin.
Jallsop;you're lying to yourself if you think xin isnt linear..
YamburglarHelper;Oh, man, fuck. You drew my spirit animal.
foolonahill89;that sucks
Youre_all_worthless;oh, i dont playtahm support.  anyways I'm just not a fan of warmogs on him because of tahm E and spirit visage, as well as jungle camps.  the only time you should really be able to use the hugeass regen from warmog passive is after a fight, and youll usually back after a fight anyways to get an item or something.  also yeah the 800 health is nice for damage or whatever, but with titanic hydra and W you should have more than enough damage.  honestly i think warmogs is a noobtrap
whatthehellhaveIdone;You're going at this all wrong.  There are 9 players you can't control in the game. You need to focus on the one that you can: you. Your builds should exclusively come from champion.gg or probuilds.net. You're not a next level theory crafter, you're someone who needs help to get out of bronze. Know your strengths. Theorycrafting isn't one of them.  Secondly, your CS is awful. You shouldn't be missing more than one creep a wave even in hard lanes. Practice. Practice more.  Fix those two things, then come back and we can start looking at replays to figure out more mistakes to fix.
LaconicyetMercurial;lol
Vetano;No, but the point of this video is to give anyone who's interested an overview on Apdo's build and playstyle. Additionally experienced TF players probably love to copy a thing or two from one of the best, if not the best Solo Q TF on this planet! :)
Caesarar;He would be silver v if he wasn't trolling.
digidude13;you dont always get demoted after one loss it usually takes me 2-3 to get demoted your mmr would have to be pretty low to get demoted after one. And if you cant skip promos with high mmr but you can sometimes skip entire divisions. I went from S4 to S2 because i was on such a high win streak before I made it to gold.
olacoke;M
korsan106;I lost 5 games in a row in diamond 5 0 lp LOL
RamOfBod;It's terrible. I know a guy who was kidnapped as a child in the Phillipines and his family paid ransom to get him back. It took a long ass time for him and his family to move to a safer country. 
FuujinSama;C9 is 3rd seed and YFW is 2nd seed.
OCOWAx;that was about 7 games by the way my friend
Damian2M;Visa officer here:  1) Xmithie should have and maybe has applied for his Schengen visa at the **French** Consulate-General (Visa Code Art. 5 No. 1 (b)) in **LA** or **San Francisco** (depends where the CLG house is located) - (Visa Code Art. 6 No. 1).  2) As he is Seoul right now and yet has to receive a visa, he can try to apply for it at the French Embassy there - (Visa Code Art. 6 No. 2).  I really cannot say what went wrong as everything should be fine with Xmithie:  * documents indicating the purpose of the journey &lt;- provided by RIOT  * documents in relation to accommodation, or proof of sufficient means to cover his accommodation &lt;- provided by CLG or RIOT  * documents indicating that the applicant possesses sufficient means of subsistence both for the duration of the intended stay and for the return to his country of origin or residence, or for the transit to a third country into which he is certain to be admitted, or that he is in a position to acquire such means lawfully, in accordance with Article 5(1)(c) and (3) of the Schengen Borders Code &lt;- provided by CLG  * information enabling an assessment of the applicant’s intention to leave the territory of the Member States before the expiry of the visa applied for &lt;- US Green Card 
ZXurai;"Just got"  Well I know champions that've gotten skins (or have been released and got a skin) in shorter time. Not sure on this but I believe the latest example is Ekko. 
J-DubZ;As a Lb main myself with over 100 ranked games on her this season, I would say Diana is the lane I have the most trouble with, by far.  
PrivateSamso;Oh god, I'm such a fan Do more please!
Novawurmson;TIL rule 63 sona=taric
herbye53;Technically it doesn't suck. He got some valuable time in scrims and can now be a flex sub between jungle and mid. You have to think beyond Worlds (and not even that because if CLG can develop some strats specific to HuHi they can swap the two and gain an advantage whereas before nobody would consider throwing HuHi out to the lions at a Worlds game).
ItsMeMartyy;lol That's not a good comparison tbh... Juice and a computer program that allows you to hit everything and dodge everything both have different levels of impact across games/sports......
iT0xicEd1z;You know what they say about hope. It breeds eternal misery.
Vetano;Sorry, I cut that part out since I talked for like 4 minutes only about item builds (already is my longest guide). You can find a better explanation in the imgur album:  "Rush vs. no AP threat: ROA &gt; CDR Boots &gt; Lich Bane"  I noticed that if there's no real AP threat on the enemy team (simply no AP except on support, or like any support and a tank jungler who doesn't build AP) then he rushes a ROA most of the times. In such a case the ROA would replace the Abyssal in his build, because it's a vastly superior item if there's no AP threat on the enemy team.
Rotom-W;But did irelia get lp?
dnhyp3rx;Name 10 rumors. There's over fifty episodes with each bring over 2 hours so name them.
Pandelol;Diana didn't have it when she was released tho.  Well animations but no buffs.
X1phoner;No, no that was..what was it called..froggen's 'super-team', this is Fnatic we're talking about. They always deliver and even though it's a new roster the Fnatic legacy lives on.
Capatillar;That's why I love watching international TSM games no matter what happens - best case scenario, I get to watch TSM lose. Worst case, they make NA look a little better!
Levyathyn;I've made one earlier, and I'm not the only one. You could probably just switch the card out in the files.
rbot1;lol get fed
Invalidfirstname;When Riot dont even think LoL is an esport and treat it like it (sandbox mode, replay system, ...), I guess I cant complain the government does not aswell. Electing conservatives for years in EU has its disadvantages ...  Why the hell is esports not sports... EU FIX PLS
Berlinia;Getting in the next tier with lower mmr would mean you wouldn't actually be on a higher tier. 1 loss would make the game want to put you in a lower div
Tacohawk76;IIRC people realized this because people who could ignore Unit Collision like Fizz, Hecarim, Udyr using Bear Stance, or anyone with a Phantom Dancer could just walk out of it. (Now you need to actually try to leave J4 ult)
Firefalcon99;I dunno. It sounds good in theory, but i think the most BS part about him right now is the fact he can drop to literally under 10 health, and Q once and get 1000 health. The issue is when he already is low health. Also, his passive is really strong coupled with a huge heal.
SryerLW;He cant click the lantern while in ult
kyugi0923;Damn you gotta love the nicknames that they have. The Emperor and The Storm Zerg. 
noxobscurus;It'll happen when HL3 comes out.
dgar1994;Nope but they beat cj they beat flash wolves and who did the flash wolves beat its a tournament
picklestirfry;i thought he was gonna make a super play and was waiting. very dissapointed
Molgan;I loved that format aswell the ti5 one. But since riot seems to not like  double elim, But you could just use the system you Said, 2 groups with 8 teams top 4 go to round of 8 the bottom 4 are out.     So yeah i agree with you, a chance of format would be even better, But riot seems to want to use the current system, so im just trying to find a way to use this system, But not to fick up the groups and thoorin have gave good examples.
Magmatron;For diana(as a main), works well when attacking anything that isnt a tower, but is every third on towers for some reason, i guess its like how trynd gets no rage from autoing towers
Niceguydan8;OG looked pretty sloppy in all games besides the first one.
Vetano;Nope, those are actually correct. Out of say 20 games he only picked the secondary page once (against a Karthus farm lane). 21/6/3 is his standard setup.
X1phoner;I'm glad Fnatic's weaknesses were showcased and exploited and I'm glad somebody took a game off of them. Better to show flaws now and fix them than being undefeated until worlds and then getting wrecked. I am even more optimistic now because I know Fnatic will come even stronger and betrer prepared. Hype!
SpaceLamma;I was about to say that this is better csing than me under tower in gold. Granted its Gnar instead of Vlad but still!
Rotom-W;Rengar kha and Lee so much fun :) 
Zireall;thats a global thing sweety 
-Lugubrious-;Metal Gear Solid 5
DerKen16;Cuz that's how life works 
DerKen16;It is a legendary skin 
CLG_wrath;Improved so much they still lost huge gold leads and got taken to 5 games with roccat, a series they should of lost 
Vorrtorr;have my upvote. I'm glad not everyone here is a dick. 
photofluid;You can do it with just Syndra I believe.
Magicslime;No, that's just OP. 
Vetano;Already on my list, but I don't know who would be "worthy"... :D
redditautist420;1. Okay, that doesn't mean you never pick up players from LSPL, just because it MAY not translate to LPL.   2. So he said in theory, if you were to give experts the chance to make 5 or 6 superteams, you could. Sounds to me like a way of illustrating how much talent is in LPL rather than something he actually think should happen...  3.   &gt; Yes the teams did just buy up talent and ignore synergy, but that's part of how free agency and business of sports works  Yes, the best sports GM's are known for just picking players at random and not trying to form a cohesive team with an identity.  &gt; Stop acting like "the region" is an entity or that any individual team cares about "the region" as a whole, or that they should care.  I don't know if english is your first language or not, but when I say the Chinese region has managed talent poorly, I'm not saying all the teams got together and made collective, joint decisions. I'm saying that most of the teams in the league have made similar mistake and am simply referring to them all.  
Vetano;A Faker guide WILL come sooner or later. Sooner if he decides to not play 20 champs only 3 times on a single patch. ;p
BlackSparkz;sadfsdaf
ScruffyScruffs;Blame crit. Adc scaling is exponential as they gain more items while tanks are linear with diminishing returns they start strong due to low cost of defense items while offensive items need alot of supplementing items to do much and usually cost more
Human-Infinity;WE'RE BASICALLY GUARANTEED TO WIN WORLDS WITH ALL THIS FAITH
Shingi77;go back to tumblr
Vetano;I actually super slow mo'd to make sure it's R-R-W-W. You can do the same on YouTube if you want to verify this.
shokill;I laughed out loud at the edit, then realized people actually assumed that it was the player Link.
AutoModerator;This submission has been removed because the title has been detected to contain only capital letters.  PLEASE DON'T YELL SO MUCH, WE CAN HEAR YOU FINE.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
Laxr;I meant it as if I'm ashamed to advertise the place as a vacation spot. I don't keep up with pinoy news, so I could be misunderstanding. And now with the traffic jams, I don't know how people are going to travel places unless it's only in like one province. I mean I guess the place is still fine since I see some american celebrities doing their asian tours there.
KarmaDevil;As someone who's been playing the cap out of this I hadn't really thought of trying to just go bruiser from there. I always am so excited that the game lasted long enough after I got sated+nashors that I keep building damage.   That's the real problem with building her that way. She's so oppressive midgame most of the time the games done just as you are getting going with your late game build. Lol.
Rowho;What is that flair? 
Vetano;Yeah it's a completely different playstyle. You definitely need a few games to adapt, but the good thing about TF is that you're not as combo reliant as for example LB, Zed or Azir.
articunoisabeast;I've never heard anyone above silver say anything good about heroes.
Vetano;Yeah I'm not a native speaker so there'll always be mistakes and repetitive phrases in my videos although I try my best to redo parts where it's even blatantly obvious for me. Sorry! :/
Bradwilde;The reason youre bronze 4-5 is ecause you built 2 IE's on akali &gt;_&lt;. Even after playing for 2 months I wouldve been able to tell that thats a bad build.
toxichart;welcome to [r/LoLcirclejerk](https://www.reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/)
ezekieru;Probably that one bug which led to Zed being disabled. The one where he could Q and down every about-to-spawn minion.  I think it was something like that, but it was related to having his skills being global.
Vetano;My pleasure man!
Firefalcon99;Sure shes not lying to you to get another skin? Possible. 
Vetano;Thank YOU Chud Studdley! :D
Drakzul;[Here's the original from the soundtrack.](https://youtu.be/Aolvkt1EMYc)
CSDragon;You're not IronStylus.  When I come into a leona art post, and see a red at the top, I expect it to be IronStylus.
Soundpulse5;As a rumble main, i tracked my cs with and without that skin and i increased 10 per min with that skin
Vetano;Gross Gore got burned alive lol.
X1phoner;That's so toxic. Reported.
detaramaiku;It's not bug it's just people are bad with math. An extract attack every other hit doesn't make your 3-hit proc become a 2-hit proc.
tahmbenched;yea i keep split pushing with wukong but then the other team is at our inhib so i have to go help or we lose. it is really no win possible situation..
nmariano;I might be a little biased here since I'm a fellow Pinoy myself, but this is the greatest thing i have EVER seen in the history of me visiting this subreddit. * #XMITHIE2WORLDS2015 *
TheUgliestWeenie;I prefer cinderhulk &gt; black cleaver a lot more because when you invest in warrior you have to do well or you're screwed.
drogods;Too many people completely give up hope way too easily
EbinEsMake;Thats just plane wrong to say that to Huhi
storm_echo;I'd say Orianna is actually easier, since all of her abilities stand alone.  Brand has a certain order to his skills that they need to be used in in order to maximize waveclear, get his stun, get reasonable damage from his W, or ensure his ult primarily hits champions.  Orianna just needs to have stuff on quickcast and point-and-click it, it's not difficult to do because her abilities dont play off of one another the same way brands do.  I will argue that Orianna is still a better champion, though, just because her ulti is incredibly strong and she brings a lot more utility than Brand (AOE slow, MS boost, shield, and her ult to brands situational skillshot stun)
neerzidaas;Um, actually, you know what else does 40% of your max hp on magic damamges? Mundo's cleaver. So, mundo has more dammages, more tankiness, even built in tenacity, just a tiny bit less cc. Kind sir, your joke was funny. (And yes, I have a Tahm Flair.)
-Lugubrious-;Dude, just fucking mute him. Wtf is wrong with you. It's like you just want him to talk shit to you just so you can report him.  Is this the fucking new meta ????  Get a life, you added this guy? Go get gud and move on
Iwinyoul0se;is this an actual movie? omg i wanna watch it so bad.
kisoso;The reason Bjergsen, Santorin, etc. have no visa issue is because they are citizens countries in the European Union, not necessarily "Schengen Area".
International00;Azir or sivir most likely. MAYBE ashe
Named_after_color;What's your other part time main?   Is it Diana?
GGLSpidermonkey;Huni has been playing pretty bad during play offs and FNC's early game seems to be really weak. I don't think they can beat any chinese team in a bo5, but I think they can beat KOO. 
Vetano;Today's your lucky day, eh? :D
Vetano;Sorry, I always link that in the video description. I don't have the stream link in my template since many times streams for pros (especially Asians) are inactive or unavailable. :S
TheUgliestWeenie;Click stun champs are fun to watch /s
Firefalcon99;Soooo, if a bunch of scripters are supposed to be banned, one gets through? If a bunch of toxic people are supposed to be banned, one gets through? So pretty mucha  tenth of all people who are supposed to be banned, dont get banned. Thatd be worse than the system already in place.
ArcDriveFinish;TF is a good counter against Viktor. 
Berlinia;Not exactly simple it would double the amount of games in the group stage but would be worth it
Vorrtorr;you can live in other country fro years and still have tour old citizenship.
Rxlic;I mess with my friends all the time,  and dyrus hasdone nothing but defend him so i don't really think he has a problem with it. From what i hear of the people that meet him they say he's awesome
FancySkunk;People who don't like their champion to have a wedge of cheese where his face should go.
FancySkunk;&gt;then Project Zed came out so I doubt they'd want to put it out now.  They put out a Zac chroma in the same patch as Pool Party Zac. I don't think a new skin has anything to do with not releasing the chroma.
Reerrzhaz;fuckin vapes.
InfinitelyOutThere;minion block is literally just a hold over from Dota, there are ways that don't feel unintuitive to make trading in minions punishing.
Vetano;There are very strong counter picks for TF and only the best players actually can play around that weakness good enough to snowball the map elsewhere. Definitely do NOT try to 1v1 bad match-ups as I show later into the video. There's no chance you will win all-ins vs many assassins post 6 (esp. without exhaust and hourglass) of the likes of Diana, Fizz, Zed, Yasuo, etc.
dorfcally;t-thanks riot...
gubigubi;Its not really a problem.  But it happens.
colindapenis;I was just unbanned this past Wednesday. I wonder if I'll be eligible for ranked rewards if I'm clean for the rest of the season?
Astroxin;I very much liked what you designed his Q to be. Sounds a very cool ability, but that said I would be terrified to see the first post-rework week of xin zhao. I can Imagine him being very overpowered with your concept, but with your design he has more things to tweak to accomplish balance.
KyleMcK;I just say that because I check this subreddit daily and I nearly always see a thorin video somewhere in the top 50(which on mobile means one swipe down).  I guess journalism for lol has a pretty big gate of entry right now then. I don't have much respect for the guy anymore and would love if someone else shared their opinion. 
esm3333;It was a really weird game...
Nortwin;warmogs is core on him. alot of % dmg on ult and stuff. my friend doesnt stream, but heres something i notice he does; he is super aggressiv in lane. most of times he gets all kills botlane and carries. he eats enemy whenever he can and easily survives dominantly to 2v1s. he builds full tank, attack speed runes. aims for kills, gets fed and roflstomps anything that approaches him. 
TheTardonator;At what point was teemo relevant this season? Plus teemo just got the omega squad skin, makes no sense to give him another skin.
THDraugr;Wow, I'm honored!
Grroarrr;It's called negative attitude.
jxchuds;Such a bitch.
KwisatzX;What does flaming have to do with being a neckbeard?
Firefalcon99;Never build AD on an AP mage. Dont build the same item twice. You dont need two IE's or two ludens. Make less risky plays because you seem to die for a lot of your kills. Also, drop that mentality of trying to control your team. If you blame your team for anything or think that yo know better than them for anything, you will NOT improve. Even if you are better, or you are right, or they do suck, you cant focus on your teams play, only yours. If you have more questions you can add me in game: C1nderZ and ill spectate one of your matches. 
kaukaser;K
ArcticEnergy;If you think Fnatic is weak after OG's bo5 you should stop cheering for EU teams and gtfo.
_legna_;"China Doesn't use its Talent Pool Effectively"  It's only about China, so I guess EU, NA and KR do this... or no they don't! No region is doing or will ever be able to do that
Baluto;Christian Logic Gaming Black
-Lugubrious-;Dude, sorry I got some news for you...you are a feeder. I just looked at your op.gg and maybe you should also. You die way to much and your own death are holding you back.
Grazgri;Mundo too strong for you!
Invalidfirstname;WTF this is goddamn Europe, does anybody know what the problem is?
UncleDingus;&gt;&gt;~~Filipino immigration~~ government sucks.  FTFY  
Levyathyn;Champ Shyvana is best Shyvana, in my opinion. I love everything about that skin.
cruzerthebruzer;haha i'll think about it idk what people could even ask me 
SimbaYoGang;Trigggggerd 
OptimusFine;Verdict: Born evil.
Janitor3333;First things first lets see the group draws. No western team is safe through groups.  and no OG didn't derail the train at all, they lost the games they did too picks and bans not gameplay.  Game 1 poke comp.  Game 2 and 3 were convincing as fuck, then OG bring out the super late game comp with Lulu Trist game 4.  Game 5 was scary as a FNC fan though.
rbkle;She is OP. She has the highest winrate despite having a relatively low playerbase experience. It isn't like it's a bunch of Lux mains bringing up her win rate like what happens with Heimerdinger. I mean, she surpassed Ahri who has been sitting at a stupidly high win rate since her Q change and is blatantly overtuned.
DerKen16;That's deep 
saintshing;Wouldn't it be kind of weird if he keeps sheathing his sword every 1.33 second?
Raencloud;This video wasn't that highly upvoted, but it's also upvoted because we're upvoting the discussion and not upvoting because we agree (or downvoting because we disagree).  His content, specifically, gets upvoted because there's no one else really producing content but him.
DerKen16;Nope, I care about RP 
OptimusFine;So how was the couch?
Lucifer_Hirsch;to keep the subreddit adequate for it's target public, league players, whom are mostly 13-21 years old. 
TheRandomNPC;Watching that dead child melt in front of his Dad was one of my favorite jokes so far. 
Nortwin;if u get 3000 hp and warmogs, u can actually heal yourself back to full hp in like 15 seconds without taking damage
eedikiy;The wise and powerful bukkake Asian knows all haha 
neerzidaas;You're dying too much, expecially for someone who pretends to not belong this division.
Levyathyn;What's the point of pinging though?  "You missed."  "Oh thanks, I hadn't noticed!"  Yeah I'm sure they feel great about that miss, it was the best part of their day, and only you keeping them in check about it will make the next one successful.
SundayBeatle;[Can confirm he lives in Poway, but he was born in Canada.](http://lol.gamepedia.com/ZionSpartan)
KwisatzX;It doesn't really matter why somebody flames. Toxic behaviour is toxic.
X1phoner;Low priority queue is the result of afking/leaving and not toxicity, am I right? Chat restriction, ranked restriction and account suspension are punishment for toxicity. And your low priority queue won't get lifted, sorry.
Oraith;Im already triggered by this toxic post, Lyte help us all
justaslave1;I think you actually are overrating LGD. They would certainly beat western teams in a bo5 but they always have a pretty lackluster regular split (bo2) (sandbagging) but we dont know how they can do against westerners in bo1s. I think the same goes for KT but i dont follow Korea that much.
NestWiki;improve your builds, i mean they deal a pretty good damage but they're just not optimal, i keep telling that to a bronze friend i have (same time you have been in bronze, right now he is in bronze 2 Tho), splitpush and if you already do, do it better, specially with jax, wukong, yi type of champs, those that can push pretty fast, that's the best way of getting out of bronze.
Half_The_Battle;And?  I'm not sure what your point is.  Sure, it sucks for Xmithie. But that's all been covered a bunch of times in other threads.  I shouldn't have to mention it just so I can talk about how it also kinda sucks Huhi.
nbxx;My question was about Deman, because he definitely lived in Cologne a year or so ago. He left Riot for the exact reason of not wanting to move from Cologne.
YouJellyFish;Literally everyone.  CLG will win worlds.
eedikiy;The secret op cheese of aram. So troll lol
Rotom-W;Who? xD
MinahoKazuto;stfu
Mcslapchop;What? TSM's record against C9 in playoffs is currently 9-9. C9 hasn;t been giving TSM the dicking since S4 Spring m8. 
dnhyp3rx;Wait, how is poppy not okay if you're a Janna main, you have so many tools to mess up that poppy. Poppy try to ram you? Lulz q knock up denies. Lulz r knock back denies. Jesus are you really a Janna main?
5_times84;tackling the important issues. 
Leblanc_James;I wouldnt say flash is a lesser boxer. Boxer is sure one of the greatest broodwar players and the greatest icon but he was also the first great player. Flash came in when the gmae was super established but he showed a very dominant, refined game. Flash is the better mechanical, strategic and overall player (won more tournaments) against arguably better player pool but then again we never know if this is all true since the two never played head to head in their primes.   to be fair you cant compare the two, they were both great bt they are from different eras of the game. Its like comparing Bill Russell with Michael Jordan 
eedikiy;Played it before e was changed. Was fun
yuckyrivera;He was told beforehand by the lee sin and the support that "Mid Is HeLPEr" so I'm guessing he is a known high elo scripter.
Skydictionary;Sorry if this is a noob question, but will low priority queue players have that removed? Im hating my past self for being toxic :'( I would give you gold but im poor so you will have to settle with an upvote
eedikiy;Hello scrub
SimbaYoGang;Idk just get good 
IM_THE_MOON_AMA;Aatrox has his specifically colored so you can know when he has his heal or damage boost on, at least that's what I assume.
EllennPao;You're making it sound so bad. Don't be dramatic. What are you, a pussy?
AnUtterDisaster;They will drop out after losing to the IWC team, calling it now.
fae-daemon;I really hope so. People all over get so upset about it, it makes me sick. It was horrible and empathy is completely okay, but motherfuckers everywhere lose their shit and go overboard. It's over a decade later, it's not 'too soon' for a little dark humor here and there.
Aurify;A: CLG EDG AHQ BKT  B: FNC KT iG C9  C: SKT TSM H2K Pain  D: LGD KOO FW OG  i think it did this correctly. anyway cant wait for tomorrow!   
tahmbenched;his q does half their health and heals me if u didnt know
aqhtran;I read something about people etting a second chance?
imgayno1willseethis;S H I T P O S T
Zarathustraa;The story is true, and while a bit unlucky to happen during placements, well that's my point. People shouldn't get punished for being unlucky and getting dc/afkers during important matches like placements/promos especially when it's 4v5 starting lvl 1 and the guy never comes back the entire game. It's obviously a broken match and this game has been developing long enough to be able to realize that, but it doesn't.  It's also not a very surprising unfortune because back when I was climbing from gold to plat, it happened many times. Going from G5 to Plat 2 I've gotten many promos where I get hit by dc/afkers. Sure it wasn't a majority of the amount of promos I did, but it was enough to have wasted a FUCKTON of time and effort for zero reason other than the fact that the game refuses to implement a solution to deal with these situations. Now I'll have to waste a huge amount of time yet again playing with and against players that I'm not supposed to be matched with just because the system doesn't have anything in place to recognize dc/afkers ruining placements/promos.  The point isn't that I won't be able to get my rank back, it's that I shouldn't have to because I did nothing to lose it in the first place, and I definitely shouldn't be matched into games I'm not supposed to be matched in just because I get unlucky RNG and queued into a string of dc/afkers during placements, despite the fact that I was plat2 in previous season
Luksoropoulos;Just my 2 cents what I would suggest: I'd love it if after Group Stage following would happen:  1. Place --&gt; Advances to Quarterfinals  2. Place --&gt; Has to go through a Play-Off, where they have to beat the 3rd placed of a different group in a best of 5 first to advance  (In football you would call it a Play-Off although it differs from what seems to be called "Play-Off" in American sports and thus also in League of Legend)  3. Place --&gt; Has to go through a Play-Off against a 2nd placed of a different group  4. Place --&gt; Is out of the tournament  This would make group drawin less critical and also further would give each rank in Group Stage more value.  And one also could increase the number of participating teams to 20 with 4 Wildcard teams. Then you could have a full pool for Wildcard teams and you will have a Wildcard team in every group, which makes it way fairer, since Wildcard teams are way worse than everyone else. If the 2 Wildcard teams wouldn't destroy some groups as we have it now, I feel that people also wouldn't complain as much about them.
TheTardonator;OG revealed a lot of fnatic's flaws however I think that's because OG improved a lot. I still expect fnatic to do decently at worlds.
Retrinox;&gt; *Is the music made on a computer? If so, immediately classify it as dubstep.* 
Mcslapchop;I blame a lot of it on S4 summer, he never was able to develop good synergy with gleeb, and I don't think Lustboy and him have great communication, after some time dealing with that it makes sense that he would fall off. 
Hosseh;Vice did a video on the 2014 worlds and one of the Korean teams members said they were not allowed to have a girlfriend and one of their main motivations to win worlds was so they could quit and have a girlfriend 
Rotom-W;Also scaling mana Regan blues. Almost exactly the same regen as scaling yellow :p so much spam 
-Lugubrious-;Dude low priority que is the best, just fap and do other stuff. Legit the low priority que is what Toxic players get. Time to calm down
justaslave1;A FNC KOO IG BKT B LGD KT H2K PAIN C SKT TSM AHQ OG D CLG EDG YFW C9
jestdragon;reported, bm. when u win u must be grateful and only talk about how hard and amazing the game was. 
dnhyp3rx;Yeah, maybe Brazilians shouldn't say stupid shit in interviews without legit info, how about that?
ashiun;he's a comedian  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=v4Tps8vt5P4
xxKaasblokjexx;Post this on /r/leagueofmemes pls not here 
caat9;MFW Riot is useless only to sell skins. 
J-DubZ;why the fuck did u go ap warwick?
KwisatzX;That's why OP suggested buffing them.
neerzidaas;Actually, some personn were really satisfied with an hybrid build. But not like this. Never like this.
I-am-TwistedFate;Because it wasn't done because of the American rating? Other countries do exist you know...
StewPidaz;Negative attitude
Goorag;Please, just go to /r/summonerschool. I don't have enough time to tell you everything you're doing wrong, **and this is just looking at your profile**. I couldn't imagine watching an actual game.
CoachDT;Okay so here goes why that argument falls apart.  If SSB has convincingly beat SSW despite not looking stronger, which does happen its called having a teams number. For 2/3rds of the year SSB had SSW's number.   Now thats great you're right SSW would stomp 100 teams harder than SSB would stomp 100 teams. But to win the world finals SSW has to go through their sister team that beat them. Both of those teams were a cut above the rest.   I was the type of dickhead who was wrong and said SSW would beat blue everytime that year, I was right only once. I went against common sense because if SSW want to win worlds they'll obviously have to go through a team they hadn't beat yet. Therefore the favorites to win worlds if you actually have any sort of common sense shouldn't be based upon who can stomp 100 teams harder, it should be based on who can actually go through the only other team that has a shot at winning. 
Rotom-W;He does it's just hard as fk to hit
SpittinGriz;HOLY SHIT! Did he not realize he was going to lose that from the start? lmao, he had no chance...
s1Dx;It'd ruin the whole concept of ARAM
CjLink;If you beat the q it won't reset the cd on r . You can do it just by pressing the buttons too fast in succession, even if q hits 
tljindo;If this actually work I will become a believer
Wowmuchrya;Your builds are hilarious.
Bearded_Wildcard;Nah, my main junglers are Olaf, Hecarim, and Skarner. Ghost is without a doubt better on all of them.
jestdragon;lmao, made my day
Csipagyaros;Yeah Konami wont sue the Riot in a blink of an eye.... sure.... :D
I-am-TwistedFate;Except the Omega squad was part of the YORDEL army, Rengar wouldn't be part of that.
21oreoj;There is a salary cap in NFL; that is not the case for League.
Sredl31;LOL who the fucks buys those
teamfailz;Probably. I'm getting tired.
ImaginaryYou;:^ O
NiceTryIan;Don't worry man. I love CLG, and I still have some love for TSM. Dryus and Bjerg are really likable players as well and I will always root for NA despite our teams' rivalries. 
shandoooo;He does have one of the best early ganks of all sated junglers(but scales a lot worse than them)
juicemanwithpulp;it's spongebob but not dubstep
phelski;yeah it was a tko but at no point was Manny actually winnning it, he played right into Floyd's ur not gonna hurt me so do what u want and I'll win u on the card
tahmbenched;? what does that have to do with it?? wukong is my signature champion.
Thaturgotguy;Solution: You must construct additional pylons.
LeagueSeaLion;That was just recently changed in 5.2 lol
newb0rnporn;Meanwhile tank gragas still doing most damage in the game. 
KwisatzX;Rushing brutalizer makes your poke a lot more effective, and by extension your kill potential (your poke can force them to back or stay with low hp). I suppose cutlass active will make the ult do bigger dmg, but besides all-in brutalizer is better.
Rival95;Your faith is lacking. 
Pegasusmeteo;Lucian Fiora and Yi, i already had project yasuo a few months before these skins came out.
newb0rnporn;That's just how the current system works but switching mmr and winrate around, however the result of that is something really stupid if you just look at a simple example of why   &gt;if you have a winrate &gt;50% your MMR is rising      is incorrect and it should If your mmr is rising your winrate is going up.   If you win 100 games, and then play another 200 with a 50% w/l; your w/l will still be over 50% but your mmr hasn't changed one bit .  
KyleMcK;The most recent thorin videos recently have all had the top comment "this doesn't make sense".    I don't even watch the videos because I don't like the guy or his content.  But if the TOP comment is consistently "thorin is wrong", why does his content CONTINUE to get upvoted and watched?
Marsdreamer;Either I'm confused or you misread my comment  Because I think we're after the same thing here. 
Snipey13;&gt; MSF  I have definitely been playing too much Metal Gear.
KingKobra7;Wow. Thanks for translating. Would you mind translating the rest if you have the time? Also, did the mention anything about Deft?
Caesarar;1. Change your summoner name.  
haDspk;XMITHIE
DwarfWoot;[This is the most extensive list](http://rulesoftheinternet.com/index.php?title=Main_Page) however, most people essentially refer to [this, which is pretty much a copy of one of the original versions.](http://www.urbandictionary.com/define.php?term=Rules+Of+The+Internet)
frostwolfeh;BE A FAN!!! No matter what happens at worlds I will continue to believe in NA until there is no hope.
RepRevive;Best game ever. 
s1Dx;Lee's strongest early to mid game, and proceeds to fall off in the late game damage-wise. He uses the early damage to snowball and then builds tank to remain useful in late game teamfights
Alelocaa;Actually it cost exactly 3 or 4 clicks to change the color once the skin is made, so why not?
mfg_colour;so to win you just don't play?
photofluid;The thing about Riot analysts is that they could go down in the history as some of the worst analyst desk ever....., and there are many many flaws about it that causes me to think that the casting crew will face a lot of difficulties to support a broadcast of the scale of TI, I would be happy to see Riot fix their mistakes but I don't think it is likely.  In terms of the density of group stage though, I think Valve has never expected people to watch through every game. And truthfully speaking there will be a lot of stomps etc. at the group stage regardless how it is constructed. Save your time by skipping the games you are uninterested.
MinahoKazuto;no character like pudge? no character like anti mage?
TheTardonator;Didn't look suspicious to me, you do get people who are good mechanically in silver
remember_morick_yori;"He gazed up at the enormous face. Four seasons it had taken him to learn what kind of mind was hidden beneath the dark spiky hair. O cruel, needless misunderstanding! O stubborn, self-willed exile from the loving rewards! Two salt-scented tears trickled down the sides of his nose. But it was all right, everything was all right, the struggle was finished. He had killed the toxicity within himself. He loved Big Lyte."  [Reading shit like your post is scary, man. You sound like you just got out of a North Korean re-education camp.](/spoiler)
teamfailz;Not sure if sarcasm, but fuck em. I don't give a fuck if bigots and hate filled people have no place to spread that hate
RealSIimShady;It's going back in the store in a month anyways
KounRyuSui;If he's just a green card holder rather than a fully-fledged US citizen, he probably still has a Philippine passport, and would most likely give cause to follow Philippine emigration laws or something.
DaBossB;but your not even remotely out of silver yet
Eldis;&gt; but if they need more attack dmg i go ad  No. You pick a champion that deals physical damage. If that's not an option - i.e. you already picked, you suck at other champs or the like - you bite it and still build the AP build. There are variations on builds depending on lane opponents. Check out guides from Solomid.net or similar websites with actual pro players explaining thought process behind building.  
ShisuiFlashed;Wow. I would spend more than $25 on this skin.. 
Molgan;Let me explain, think of the 8 best teams in this tournament. You probably think of the Three korean teams, the Three teams from China and fnatic, and one of These teams (ahq ,clg, origen).   Now What if this Group happens:     Fnc     Kt     Edg     C9      Three of those teams are probably in the top 8. But if that Group gets drawn only 2 Will advance to the round of 8.. That way the system makes it so its not possible for the 8 best teams to advance to playoffs  
medalistt;The 50% rule applies to almost any champion in the game, especially the ones I mentioned above.  The fact still stands that as for now, Yasuo is the most popular champion in normal games and the 6'th most popular in ranked. This is despite the fact that the Project skins got released, which shows really well in picks since Leona, Yi and Lucian are on the list aswell. He is still rocking a 50% winrate - Which usually isn't the way a super mechanical champion has when they are super popular without being broken in some way. (See: Leblanc/Azir at their prime still having around 45% winrate because people didn't know how to combo correctly)  For example: Vayne has a 50+% winrate despite being the most popular champion in ranked all together. This is because she is one of the strongest for her role and doesn't require too much skill to play.   You also don't poke on the hilarious thing that is Yasuos windwall and the fact that he doesn't have to set up his own ult and has a crit related playstyle. Which removes outplay potential towards Yasuo himself since if you happen to be on the same half of the map as him and someone flashes on you with a knockup/suspension ability then he can join the fight and oneshot you after that since he doesn't have to use his dash to get to you in the first place and can use it to further chase you.  What bugs me even more about him is the free armorpen he gets. He already has an overloaded kit and the armorpen just makes it so he doesn't have to build LW (unless vs superhypertanks) if he gets an ult off - Which to be completely honest, with Alistar/Janna being in the meta, isn't hard to get off at all.  It's funny since he is listed as a hypercarry but bullies laningphase and spikes super hard with every item he buys (SS/TF) and oneshots squishies after one item.   It wouldn't be so problematic if half of the knockups in this game are huge AOE or point-click. But saying that playing vs Lee/Vi/Xin/Voli/Rek'sai combined with Yasuo makes me want to dodge in champ select since as soon as he gets lvl 6 they can just flash knockup and it's a free kill for him.  I understand that he has some "bad" matchups, Diana for example. But honestly most of Yasuos "bad" matchups are 100% winnable for him and even if he goes 0/8 in lane he just gets too much utility both for his team and himself from clicking R without having to set it up himself.  And complaining about Ekkos shield and ult combo is pretty stupid since Yasuo has a passive shield which can't be broken by most mages without them getting outtraded instantly by him because of low AA ranges - Which makes the lane basically; Let Yasuo freefarm and deny CS under your turret with his windwall and pray that your jungler feels like ganking for you today.  To me, every time I see Yasuo it feels like playing vs old Talon/Leblanc. It doesn't matter if you would get a kill on them early they will always bounce back and oneshot your adc after one item and then just keep feeding from that  - And there is nothing you can do about it because you can't control your teammates and your teammates can't do anything about it because the enemy champion just counters their role too hard to be outplayable.
Rotom-W;Also e actually did damage. Rip .8 bonus ad ratio. 
another-guy4;Vayne, jayce, rengar
Xaxxon;remember you're on a delay, though.. so you can't talk to them about what's going on when you see it.
I-am-TwistedFate;They close the gap then get kited to hell and back. 1 crit is enough to turn a fight in your favor, shit that is why many players run 1 crit mark on their pages. You get that crit in a fight, you will most likely win
Luksoropoulos;Thx\^^
WarchiefSivir;She got a skin this year (Order of the Banana) and last halloween she got Reaper
Lollerskates10;He is around D2 elo (I get him regularly in my games)
AriesCorvus;I don't know how someone can have a meaningful ban that doesn't involve wasting an entire season (ie. rewards, because that's basically the only thing people care about). Maybe an IP "fine" that you need to pay off to get un-restricted?
Marsdreamer;We should all be defending the removal of purely bigoted and obscene subreddits from Reddit. 
Pandafy;Regardless, I wouldn't call a technical loss "getting his ass handed to him anyway."
DMV7;Denied 4 times, considering how hands-off valve is with DotA as an esport most of the time it's a bit absurd that Riot hasn't ironed this out for their players ahead of time. 
SirSpleenter;That art is stupidly similar to Skullgirls.
xxNamsu;Id be down PM me, what rank are you btw 
Shiny_Shedinja;1: Change your name   2: Build correctly.   3: Learn that kills don't win games, kills that lead to objectives win games.
Rias92;He is a complete troll he isnt supposed to be in bronze 4-5 lol 8/8 quality troll
jussnf;He might have been born in canada
Marsdreamer;It's about ethics in game journalism! /s
Quikstar;I wish I could get Project Leona flair. T_T
Machellitasumatmalad;Yeah but the thing is if you actually watch the level of mechanics / play, Incarnation's Leblanc is significantly better.
phelski;Boxing rigged? Holy fuck who would thought, god damn wwf fucking shit up
Qwertycwer;You don't care enough about Poros to press a singular button once? :P
Venne1138;Yeah but like...I'm not exactly sure who NA can beat unfortunately. 
Snipey13;I get too depressed and nervous before the losing streak goes too far. That's every time though, I always only win one match to save me from demoting before losing streak again.
roguemenace;With the current situation getting into europe isn't really an issue for anyone. Working would still be illegal though.
KounRyuSui;6 years? Was this due to the regression from like 2005ish?
RuneWarp;CLG has been to twice as many world championships before then SKT has.
I-am-TwistedFate;Yeah you did the right thing, but it was still against the rules so you should take the punishment. For the first reason, well either waste 20+ minutes with the troll or roll the dice and only wait 5 minutes to get into another game. 
jjhassert;How is it wrong? If someone is toxic and chat banned I don't want to communicate with them. 
HiccuptheBird;20 fps is unplayable? That's on the high end for my line of toasters.
phelski;But that is the only thing she had, one crit then u cant  run away. Adcs should lose to the 1v1 anything with a gap closer fuckes it
StirFryTuna;My friend and I do this in ranked with me as Ap lulu and him as skarnar. Its really good at pulling someone off under turrent with just even +60% movement speed
destroidid;I don't know what else to tell you, I never made death threats and the bans were made in 06-07. Trolling in trade chat had a large part to do with it I'm sure, but their reasoning was behind offensive language.
Minen0;##FREEXMITHIE
HydroxFrost;Hey guys, check out the video and tell me what you think I can improve on in my journey to making an ultimately entertaining Youtube series :)
EyeronOre;Another bug turned feature was the range on Zed's ult, the return distance to your ultimate shadow was originally meant to be something like 2000~ but the range was in fact infinite, after it became clear that this wasn't that strong or abusable they just left it as is. I'd assume they'll do the same with this if it ever becomes a topic of discussion.
kirbysmashed;singed skillcap increases with the mastery. Ctrl + 4, Ctrl + 4, Ctrl + 4, Ctrl + 4,   after.  Ctrl + 4, Ctrl + 6, Ctrl + 4, Ctrl + 6,  
Phailadork;Soon.  You know the worst part though? It's that they gave us the best episode of the season and one of the best of the whole show then say "no episode next week, sorry." So now you're waiting with even more anticipation and I doubt this next episode will live up to the hype as much. It'll still be good, but not like after last episode and 2 weeks of waiting. 
buckylastrd;well obviously there are some but the whole point of my post was to find more.
SuperNiglet;Seriously, this. I got something like a 300 game chat restrict and im down to 30. I heard about this and I thought finally, I can coordinate with my team. it got so annoying just trying to communicate little things to my team without wasting one of my 10ish messages.
Rotom-W;Hai
Bleevl;that's not actually possible as long as you r from the origin of your q, i've never tried q flash ring them though, but that's litearlly intentionalyl trying to get fukd
Khenir;He's not really though. He's trying to have a discussion and the vast majority of the people in this thread have literally only said "herpedy derpedy you're an idiot".  That's not an argument. That's being a prick for no legitimate reason, and yet you fuckers  wonder why we don't get nice things? The community is toxic even outside the freaking game.  And what, exactly is wrong with the wins not counting as wins? You won an unfair match up, good job, go pat yourself on the back for being a team who is a man down. Go you. Great job. You deserve some kind of bonus for being better than a handicapped team.  What thus thread has essentially boiled down to from my perspective is OP made a suggestion,  everyone said that's dumb because of winning against teams that are missing players and threw a tantrum when people dared reply "sounds good".  It's seriously not a difficult system to comprehend.  Hell,  DotA 2 ALREADY FREAKING DOES IT, if someone disconnects for long enough the game becomes safe to leave at no penalty.
ashiun;It was on sale just last month lol
Snipey13;Man, 2 weeks lol. I'm on NA and the name is the same as reddit user. Congrats on Plat! I'm still dreaming of gold...
KwisatzX;As I said, kata can get cdr but she doesn't because that's not her focus.  Also plenty of champions have better harass and laning than kata, she only has one ranged poke skill.
KaptainKlein;Have you considered a timer that doesn't start until next time they queue up? Like, if I play one game, get a 24 hour ban, and stop playing, my 24 hours don't start until the next time I try to queue up for a game?
5_times84;lmao, i'm sure you're very mature and not at all petty or 15.   ps: you're ridiculous. 
Skydictionary;I agree he is fine late game. But early to mid he has no laning prescence and can be outtraded by most tanks. Shen massively outrades Mundo and Nautilus does the same. Mundo %health damage allows him to deal more damage to fromt line which others cant match but early on he cannot show the same pressure. But yes hard cc would be amazing on mundo
phelski;XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX holy fuck it works, everyone do iy
Nimmmmo;First thing i thought of lol. 
bertilus;Thank god, now Clg's chances of winning went up
StuperSconed;are you serious with those akali builds...jesus
tahmbenched;if my team needs ability power damage then i go more ap but if they need more attack dmg i go ad. No?
CSDragon;It's a thing that originated in psychology,  ruined by tumblr and meme'd  by 4chan and redddit in responce.  A trigger is, well, a trigger that when activated causes extreme distress. To a veteran, fireworks may trigger flashbacks of the war, or cause them to relapse into ptsd.  Tumblr took it a bit weird, but invented the tern "trigger warning". They used it. For much simpler stuff, like "trigger warning fear of heights" when posting a picture out a plane window or something like that. 
Thorrack;If you can't even make a build that makes sense, I doubt your calls are even beneficial to your team. For starters, go look up some builds, because yours are bad.
Murderkais3r;For people complaining because of afk:  No groceries = no food made = you dead = no league = gg we all know whats important here.
BrightsideLoL;this is my text alert tone. 10/10 hear everytime
Phailadork;Pretty sure she brought that on herself. She deserved it. Maybe her dad smacked some sense into that empty head of hers after he got so many calls. 
NormTheStorm;You're definitely right. Orianna's my fallback champion to Anivia cause I've played her frequently for 4 seasons and it's so effective to play safe as her. She's also really good at staying relevant because she's purely a mechanical champion so if you land everything you're still effective. It's also why she'll also be another World's Power Pick. But still definitely has some harder matchups especially if she gets ganked early against snowbally champions, which also have comps built around them
-Lugubrious-;Here is a video http://youtu.be/SMiYKNhgcbM
CoachDT;Hes ahead by a decent margin, but a 2.5 (Fizz came in, hit a shark, and pretty much just died) v 5 Pentakill was pretty dang good. His target selection was amazing throughout the fight and having the presence of mind to kill someone while they're going through the magical journey really is something special imo.
Tsenden;ban gragas take ekko or vice versa.. dream dies. he cant play any other champ .. they are better of going with huhi  than a jg who has just 2 picks ..  EDIT : Typo 
Pause_;That is insanely good! Do you have it in higher resolution?
Diabols;Well, from an objective standpoint, I have greater career success because I'm not distracted by romance.  Then again, there's more to the world than physics, and my social life has suffered for my condition.  You have no idea how many friends I've lost because I failed to pick up on it when someone drops hints the size of a commuter train.
KounRyuSui;Starting to? It's been shit since WW2, or maybe just right before Marcos if we're being generous. Cory was a puppet, Ramos was... decent, I think? Erap was a complete joke, Arroyo would've been okay were it not for the numerous scandals, and Noynoy is about as big a joke as Erap, if not bigger.
articunoisabeast;First off things I've noticed is that people in low elo have numbers attached in their names. My first step torward improvement is requesting a name change. It's relatively cheap to do.  Remember when you play a champion that has both AD and AP ratio's You're supposed to build both. It's what riot intended. What's scarier than a Katarina with an infinite edge and rabadons to make her spells crit? AMIRITE?  Watch the LCS and when you ban make sure you memorize what they banned in each game and ban the most popular ones. They are ahead of the curve and know what they are doing.  Ignore CS. Literally ignore it. Just go straight for the throat on everyone. Who needs farm when you can just farm Champions? You only need one kill to make up for 2 and a half waves!   Anyways hope this helps! 
Skankbank420;The answer is you don't. Your team are a bunch of people that don't understand the game very well, often times they will be aware that their teammates also aren't very good so won't listen to you. On top of the fact that you will have good/bad teams no matter what elo range you're at.  The best way to climb is to improve yourself, for bronze generally cs can be improved substantially in very little time and will give a huge advantage. While not as applicable to most players, you don't seem to understand which items are optimal on your champion, guides can serve as a good reference point to see what kind of items are best on your champion. 
tahmbenched;this is why i didnt want to make this post =/
KwisatzX;CDR isn't a problem, even if you don't use items. Plenty of people use cdr per level glyphs (15% at 18). In most cases cdr glyphs result in bigger dps if you're fighting for 2+ rotations.  The thing is choosing between burst and constant damage, eg. Kat prefers burst because she resets cd with a kill, so she focuses on getting one kill after the next.  
Sanderson9009;Not sure if you're still responding to this thread or this is the right way to go about troubleshooting, but, the client keeps crashing for me every time I hit watch after opening a download file. Is there anything you can suggest that might fix that? I would really like to get this to work, I think it's a great system. Thanks! 
I-am-TwistedFate;Lol no burst, just high sustained damage...
Phailadork;It's easy to be like Pao. Just lose all your morals and find an incredibly corrupt husband/wife :\^).
I_FAP_2_RIVEN_RULE34;what the fuck hydra on akali LMAO
Dildokin;I have been banned around 40 times and can confirm you have to be pretty offensive. On the good side you can wait out the final warning and it reset the ban timer.
Phailadork;Cmon man. We've got people cheering you on from over here because we want the west to succeed. No need to be like that. 
gorg235;Yea, just put your CC info here. Reddit has a cool feature that blocks out your CC with X's if you type it in the format of a CC.   XXXX XXXX XXXX XXXX  See?
NIEZRECKAGE;I'd be down  
KingKobra7;I'd personally say Dade or Mata.
krashton1;I think it is fair. Other games make you grind harder and pay more. Runes are expensive but imo everything else is fair. This is coming from a person who has never bought a champ with RP and own ~2/3 of them.
Dakrys;I agree with you but I feel that at least in this sub "toxic players" become kind of a boogeyman. I feel like the majority of toxicity cases are your average frustrated 20 year old or Joe average after a shitty day of work. 
Einharjar;shoulda gotten hg and tped out and then did everything!!
POI_BOI;Yeah I'd wait to see how it goes in NA. As it stands, the client does the job fine for buying RP but it's nice to have Amazon as an option (especially when the client store goes down or gives errors). If a lot of people decide to use Amazon to buy RP, Riot should definitely consider opening up in other regions.
I-am-TwistedFate;No there were threads literally every week to give ashe a new passive. There was no way they were going to buff the old passive because in the abuse situations it was literally super broken. Getting a guaranteed crit is a very strong thing combine that with her perma slow and she could win fights that she should not have. So any buffs to the old passive was out of the question
Zer0SWAGFATHER;yes
elipshish;So Origen is equal to Bangkok Titans? Because that's what riot's system is claiming
bloodwolftico;if he had access to your email, well you are doing something wrong... that is a HUGE security risk
mikedawg9;lolskill also shows nothing about skill
IAmDarkridge;If I saw an Akali with that build on my team it would tilt me.
MatticInYoAttic;they need to learn from cs:go. The bans just get worse and worse as you create more problems for your team in-game. 30 minute ban, 24 hour ban, 2 hours, 1 week, etc. Ranked would be so much better if this were implemented. 
LiquidYeti;I am like 90% sure he is from my home town of Poway California, and is a US citizen.
Roflha;Meaning champion diversity is kinda low.
AutoModerator;This submission has been removed because the title has been detected to contain only capital letters.  PLEASE DON'T YELL SO MUCH, WE CAN HEAR YOU FINE.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
ashiun;Click after or during your dash then. I don't think anybody would realistically want dashes to cancel their previous move input.  Imagine walking forward, suddenly enemy jungler shows up and you dash backwards only to resume walking forwards after completing your dash.
DobbyChief;What's rush's winrate on Lee in NA? 
Dusty_Ideas;I stream and this'll make it 10x easier to do giveaways sinc eI don't have to go out and physically buy the cards.
fox112;Ap Warwick not good?
Bigclancy;it is really good  I usually listen to Sistar or 2NE1  but i just discover i like EXID now as well :]
Warhood;You can't but you can also need to focus on improving yourself and not the team.
KounRyuSui;In case you're actually serious, even if Pob is better than Link, he isn't better by a big enough margin to have gotten them through playoffs, let alone sweeping TSM, *alone*.  If there's something that isn't a meme worth taking out of those 17 pages, it's how poorly the support staff was doing with keeping the players together and their chins up.
ElgoUnderground;That is not your concern at this point. You need to look up some guides or something because simply having a proper build will help you get better.  Check out /r/summonerschool 
really--goodusername;reported
pickhotyouReddit;AP Trist mid was pretty annoying.
Veylo;Fitting Flair.  He has the best quotes in game
Bigclancy;looks like you play a lot of random stuff :O  try play 1 role and carry from ther e:)
audiobydarksock;exactly. sadly this won't happen because the "i'm being punished because we had a troll on our team" aspect, as well as the "i'm being punished because an emergency popped up and i did the right thing and dodged" aspect  there are a lot of fundamental problems in league that simply have no good solution
MrKapok;got beat up in mid and faker takes off a mask and it has been easyhoon the whole time ;)
Hbomber17;Tell you what, I'll add you in game and we can talk about what you can do for yourself and your team in game. I'm gold 3 and climbing so I can help you out on how to carry a team in bronze. 
Milleffect;Rito...please, I need this skin in my life. 
S7EFEN;drivers for...
theswerto;Kay. 
Machellitasumatmalad;lmao let's be real then...... let's remove huni from fnc since we know they will never win...... ohhhhh and Incarnation your not allowed to play on c9 because your prob not gonna win either.
enerccio;It would suck for everyone.
fox112;Yes
aliprobro;Average game time for you is like 35 minutes but average CS you get every game is like 40. looooool holy moly dude you're killin me
PLOXYPORO;Your teammates aren't yours to control. You can't make people do what you want them to do
upyoars;stuck at skarners move speed im guessing. When skarner ults a fast yi, skarner doesnt move faster
-Lugubrious-;Dude you should just give up if you are asking how to report smiley faces
880cloud088;No I'm stupid. 
Protopulse;Link's a Filipino senator now? Dayum, he's doing well for himself. 
DobbyChief;Link wasn't that bad.. You have to remember they played with no pressure at all mid. Their biggest improvement came from getting link mid again, not a new jungler.
Hawkburr;Thanks so much for your feedback! You are #3 to ask for that, so I'll add that this weekend for sure :)
CoachDT;What he means to say is technically speaking hes the most successful jungler in his region aka the number 1 jungler. He has the only stat that matters.  Nobody will tell you that Rush isn't better than Xmithe the only thing he doesn't have is a title. The downvotes are a bit silly though but reddit has a hardon for Rush so I guess it makes sense.
kaliver;How bad are you that you're constantly queueing into trash?
fox112;Probuilds.net to learn items and runes.  Other than that, just have fun
upyoars;Not even thresh lantern?? wtf that makes no sense.
VinceThePretzel;I'm down. just PM me.  EDIT: I'll be on tomorrow honestly.
PLOXYPORO;Go probuilds.net before everygame and look up your champ. your builds right now are really bad... like REALLY
ADCSaltyGirl;Ashe arrow. The first really embarrassing skillshot I ever whiffed in a normal game.
audiobydarksock;wow's 30 minute bans are effective because it costs a lot of money to have an alternate account
fox112;Update your drivers
krashton1;Shes gotten two in the last year...
-Lugubrious-;I agree season 3 was last good time, to many endless overly aggressive changes now. Season used to have a meta, now we have a new one every month. They need to stop releasing or working on new champs also.
kangarused;RIP 703 auto range
JerkyHobo;I guess he got access to my email, changed everything on my league account 
ellytheverypro;this is so good XDDD
korsan106;banned for BM
xyz314;Check out Lastshadow9's video in the recommended its also very good.
kmzq;Diana is a different ( and newer ) champion. Riot is kinda inconsistent with these but at the same time you should know this stuff anyways..
tahmbenched;Okay so i get it u guys dont like my builds but how do i control my team?
metalmau5;I'd assume that Subway cards (and the similar ones) are probably more available. I haven't seen RP cards at some of the major grocery stores, but they have chain restaurants. 
xxlchalupas;They already nerfed the passive by reworking it. Before it used to be global 2 extra gold per minion kill to all your teammates, but they changed that to only give TF himself the gold as a nerf to overall global passives.
I-am-TwistedFate;Yeah, everyone has bad days. I have had plenty over the 6 years and 4k+ games i have played, but i haven't received a single warning so obviously a bad day isn't going to  result in a ban 
Sk8rgurl345;youre really fucking bad
SNSDave;She got a new skin. So no lol
Calistetto;... So are we going to just ignore the Female Rengar art he makes as well?
DazedWay;u are from NA so silver = gold = plat = diamond  = master . just trashy region
KwisatzX;Zed's Q has a flat cooldown of 6 seconds, even with 40% cdr it is 3,6 seconds.  Zed's ult mark lasts for 3 seconds. It is impossible to use Q twice on the mark target.
IreliaObsession;The team I only remember for the bum summoner icon
fox112;Yes.
neuxps;holyfuck ambition's girlfriend.
photofluid;I was referring to TI5 not TI4....  Also, if you are speaking about TI4 newbee, they only turn on after they enter playoff. Their group stage performance did deserve an early bye
frostwolfeh;As much as I want to see TSM get wrecked, I want NA to do well more.
fox112;Did you link your email?
Blitz722;with zed at least. with leblanc it is q r w e w and thats it
waterbed87;The AP items are so balanced now that it really depends on what conditionals you need.  Deathcap and Void Staff are must haves for maximum DPS but the other items all have 100 AP and you need to decide, based on the game, what effect will benefit you more. Against Zed or Fizz? Get a hour glass ASAP. Need some extra kiting potential? Get a Rylai. Need some mana sustain but don't want to go RoA? Get a Morello or Athenes.  The hardest part of an AP build is deciding your first item IMO. Are you going to go RoA, Athene, Morello, Ludens or Hour Glass? After that its all situational with Deathcap/Void Staff being must buys for maximum damage.  Riot has done a terrible job with champions lately but the AP item rework really makes all the AP items pretty equal in terms of AP. You can't go wrong with any of them but picking the wrong effects for the job could have you in pain. For example if you don't get an Hourglass right away against Zed your life is going to be hard if you don't establish a strong early lead.
TREADMILLFROMHELL;holy shit the asian mom has me dying
MinahoKazuto;good lord...  those god speed builds, whats a void staff or last whisper anyway   most of them arent even half bad, it just could be better
-Andromeda-;No need to switch anything. Kayle top, lulu mid, zil full sp build with ap morg shoving bot lane waves all day. Ez
bloodwolftico;The funny part is that even tho Viktor dodged most chains, Incarnati0n eventually worked past around it by getting close enough so it wouldn't miss. The Gravity Field part is really sad, but like he said, not efficient enough to avoid death. Viktor is actually wasting his only slow/stun on that auto-script.
TheMadPrussian;K thanks for the info
comptonws;LOL when is the last time he left his house? Can't even go to the store to buy his groceries, my granny don't even order groceries LOL and she's 74 y/o
MichuOne;long answer or short answer? doesnt matter cuz theyre the same
IAmDarkridge;I think they should just lower the prices or scrap the system all together.
korsan106;no you didnt morde ban showed on both sides 
fox112;I hope this is a joke post.  Honestly I was surprised to see you didn't build Diana AD after seeing your other builds
LazyBub;Hello, noob.
HolypenguinHere;Wow thanks, my actual birthday was two days ago too. And 9/11 was the day after that.
I-am-TwistedFate;Only 1 report is needed for the system to flag the game, whether 1 person or 9 people report you makes no difference to Riot's system. 
Snipey13;10/10, not meaning a perfect game but the best game it can possibly be within its scope and also imo the absolute best game ever made to date. 
DerKen16;She got two in less than a year and my boy Kass has been waiting since 2011
LazyBub;Dank...?
RiotSargonas;Some people just like to watch the world burn.  (I once forgot to feed the poro 2 games in a row, and my GF informed me if I forgot a 3rd time that night I was sleeping on the couch...)
SeveralKnapkins;Yeah, Xmithie played the entire year and played in the games to bring his team to worlds.
mario543;The dream is dead boys
drunklemur;Which champ would play Quiet?
Sub_Salac;Wonder how many downs kids will reply to you that don't understand that IP and RP are both resources that influence each other based on the scarcity of each in the context of Riot's business model.
crownpuff;If poor behavior (such as being toxic in league) is a core part of the human condition, how is it that the vast majority of players in league of legends do not get chat restricted/ranked restricted/banned? Everyone needs to eat and drink, everyone does not need to exhibit this "poor behavior". You also lump cheating or stealing in the same category of "poor behavior" as not working out. I find it hard to imagine a world in which a thief or a plagiarist is treated with the same consequences as someone who doesn't exercise often. In fact, I find it incredulous that you would even lump those things into the same category. Cheating and stealing have direct derogatory effects on others, to a lesser degree flaming in league has this effect too. While you may harm yourself by not exercising, or procrastinating your studies, those choices only directly harm yourself.   It's not hard to unbind your enter key, it's not hard to not demean others. I would say that not only is it not hard, it is expected of human beings, to behave civilly and treat others like they would like to be treated. 
LazyBub;Certainly not a kid crying on reddit.
orangetato;just get better at the game then you wont have to cry about losing 1 game out of like 80 when someone afks because you'll just get the wins back fast
sojin-unnieversity;His job is in NA, which makes him "jobless" in CN, on paper.
Ludens_Ekko;That's actually a great thought 
xxnyy27xx;i added you :)
Soum2222;We missed a ban because of it. 
SteDa;To be fair when a team is ahead, comebacks shouldn't be possible unless u make mistakes or get outscaled. If u lose lanes and give up dragons then u should lose. Right now the only way u can hold vs a team with baron is if you have waveclear and they have bad siege. Before that was pretty much the same or they would dive u and take everything anyway.  The only thing I really agree on is the jungle camp respawn time. Even though good junglers get rewarded more then before. When u get f***ed in your jungle; there is really not much u can do to catch up. Making it really important to have a real jungler on your team.
krizzir;nice! love the site  is there a option to hide chat or? (can u add it later if its possible?)  
Gouleith;That sounds great up to the point of where you're OOM from poking him and you have no cs because he can still plant his soldiers on the minion wave.  Don't get me wrong, I love Lux. But there's just no way to play her well against Azir, you can't use her passive and you'll just go OOM
aliprobro;Building AD and AP on akali isn't optimal even though she can do ad/ap dmg. Try to build just straight AP on her and go first item hextech. Also, items have unique passives so building 4 ludens doesn't give u 4 ludens procs. 
KinzieWinzie;Pretty awesome! Though if you save your file as .png it will look a bit less gritty. [Here's a bigger HD version of the splash for your editing pleasure~](http://s.lolstatic.com/site/skins-arcade/ff906c7f62b2ff24f60a10fdeeb4803fbb1fd7c3/images/extras/wallpaper/Arcade_Blitzcrank_Riven_1920x1200.jpg)
38ll;I have the receipt :P It was over a year ago.  But either way, it didn't work.
LazyBub;"Stole"
ChurchofPeng;It would be 0-6 for the record.
korsan106;[pls](http://www.probuilds.net/champions/akali)
RiotSargonas;I really, really, wanna try my hand at this and see how good my brains RNG calculations are... but just my luck, I'll nail it dead on, and even though I have zero involvement with the esports org everyone will bury me in their tinfoil hats. :p
I-am-TwistedFate;Wasn't aware ranked was the only thing that the 67 million players play....
VikramMookerjee;I think he was being sarcastic...  Did you read past the first sentence of what he wrote?
BForBandana;Riot should bring back Graves' cigar and just disable it in the Chinese servers. lol
KounRyuSui;Better call Bam
HAHAyouaredumb;No, because if you continue watching, he then mentions the black guys in the scary movies. So it goes in order nothing else said between, black guy on Jurassic park 2, dragged like a slave, black guy in scary movies. You think he made a strange sleigh joke sandwiched between two black jokes....That's the one that makes no sense.
LKBN;Nobody gives a shit. 
IAmDarkridge;Your builds are legit ass to put it bluntly.
I-am-TwistedFate;Dodge penalty needs to be added onto your next queue time. I bet if you had to wait that 5 minutes every time someone declined or dodged people wouldn't be quitting games anymore
Sway117;Destinyyyyyyy
-Lugubrious-;Did you report this haxors to the cyber police?   Maybe you could back trace them?
ChipAnndDale;Not to be rude, but I'll be surprised if CLG gets passed groups if they don't have a wildcard in their group.
Ladnil;You know the pattern. Hope is dangerous.
tahmbenched;? what
psymonilla;It's kind of embarrassing that riot runs a tournament for one of the most popular sports in the world and can't work out visas so players can actually compete. 
Caesarar;Orianna has one of the safest laning phases in the game. I alwas pick Ori if I have to blind pick mid.
Mod_Jez;No... Diana needs a skin.
SpittinGriz;Thanks for the critique, I'll for sure take these points into consideration when making my next one :)
hypnocious;#jesuisxmithie
-Andromeda-;It's like it's straight out of that project cinematic! GJ
ththdk;Where's the blade on his left hand? ;_; ^Don't ^^fucking ^^^forget ^^^^it.
upyoars;K then. Jungle Tahm Kench op CONFIRMED
I_Can_One_Shot;Dank
korsan106;those akali build 
didattoo;MY SIDES WTF
AttilaWow;add me up on league. YoloJoe im gold 3 i can try to help you
I-am-TwistedFate;THIS, seriously the only people who make these kinds of threads are the assholes who lack the capacity to act like a human being, or at the very least just shut up and play.  6 years and a few thousand games, i have never received a warning at all, and i'm an asshole from time to time.  
pimo91;Or thinking "Maybe people shouldn't be ruining my games by being so fking stupid"  At least I rage outloud instead of in-game... texting/playing kills. 
Black_Nanite;IG for Invictus Gaming, please let us end the ignorance. Likewise you wouldn't use CH to refer to China, since CH is Switzerland's abbreviation. CN is China.  Edit: similarly a lot of people on this thread are using OR for Origen, when the actual abbreviation is OG.
Zigaza;You don't need to go back to your country to apply for Schengen Visa. Any European Embrassy within Schengen area can give you a visa. As long as you have a greencard, you can apply to like French Embrassy in LA. The problem is I think you need to make appointments a month in advance, and I think the whole CLG org think that Xmithy has a greencard and could get in like everyone else.  Source: I did apply for one as a greencard holder at the French Embrassy. 
jasonbimsara;http://imgur.com/gallery/NWmdMk0 JUST DO IT 
-Lugubrious-;Turn off your scripts
bloodwolftico;man :( no fair, I have Black Alistar, Human Ryze, Goth Annie and Silver Kayle for preordering
Patel347;Wait I thought they fixed it? Looks like I was wrong
CamoChip;She literally just got a skin
chaosdum;BAHAHAHAHA look at the chats in the post game lobbies
LazyBub;Give xwx a call :^)  Edit: Learn how to cs. As a carry champ, your cs rate should not be below 5.
jacob_ninja_potato3;All of lux's abilities outrange all of azirs abilities so she can free poke him, and hes so slow that it's hard to dodge lux q, let alone her e which is practically a  targetted ability after the buff
Gouleith;To everyone on this post commenting on borderline competitive supports: If you ask ANY Pro, the absolute best supports are the tanky ones. That's because squishy supports are just free kills.
GenericUser_27;I think Soraka has a good deal of skins. Celestine, Reaper, and Order of the Banana are fairly new. Those are some pretty good quality skins. I love Raka, she's my main, but I don't think she needs a brand new skin when she just received two. That's not to say I wouldn't mind more. I also wouldn't mind if Riot put back some of the features I paid for in the Celestine skin... 
prototypix;Yeah, I'll definitely consider it once I get some free time! Thanks! 
CamoChip;I might be interested, but you'd have to pm me about it in the morning because I'll be hitting the sheets quite soon.
Yoshifan151;Regi's better bro.
AutoModerator;Your post has been removed automatically because all images and short videos, except for infographics, must be submitted in text posts.  If you submitted an infographic, please message the mods by [clicking here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fleagueoflegends), otherwise [click here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit?selftext=true) to resubmit your image the proper format.  If you're not familiar with the subreddit rules, you can read them [here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
mfg_colour;why would we care how he balances?  anyway   &gt;the hardest champions to balance are the simple ones  ....no the hardest are the ones with overloaded kits because in order to balance them they have to be too weak to be played
jaykenton;GOD BLESS HOTSHOTGG, BEST TEAM OWNER IN THE WORLD.
ProdigalEden;You are right, I was wrong. 
Shozo;The theory is not wrong. A world-class support like Mata should have a strong ADC to play with. But it's a huge assumption that VG could've gotten any strong ADC that they wanted to. Maybe they broke their bank in buying Mata so they couldn't buy a better ADC? Maybe other ADCs didn't want to move to VG? Maybe Mata himself said it was no problem to play with Vasilli? Who knows. We can't just assume VG could get TnT if they wanted to.
LazyBub;- good gameplay - few real plays - blurry start confuses viewers - basic editing
Abujaffer;I'm counting her plants as an ability.
FluffyBrandao;what about diana? its the same type of effect and it shows exactly how long till it falls of and counts to 3
JFlipout;I just think 24 hours is kind of a weird amount of time to ban someone for. 7 days, 14 days, and even a short time like 2 hours seem good, but idk 1 day seems kind of weird.
Rowho;Ping stays about even for me but man a ton of packet loss.
Goorag;I was never banned for offensive language and had never known anyone banned for offensive language. I did plenty of shittalking in WoW. You must have said something pretty offensive to be banned for any amount of time, or the policy changed in the last year to coddle players a whole lot more.
I-am-TwistedFate;Yeah im sure your ban wasn't deserved at all /s
Ignitus1;&gt;Personally, I think I reached diamond5 from silver4 because of the server move  Yeah dude, that dreaded 30ms keeping you down.
andresm3131;Yea I can insec pretty easily, I just always seem to be in the wrong place
Aseru;Every team should be able to play at full strenght tho, i mean upsets are a great thing.  If a member of Kaboom was missing we might haven't seen Alliance lose to them.  There might have been people who would have said it wouldn't matter if TPA had to use a sub cause they would lose to Azubu anyway and then they won the whole thing.  It's just sad that people don't even think about upset wins and it's sad as well that he won't be able to play.
DominarRygelThe16th;Get this man his Rainbow Bow. 
jasonbimsara;Draven, Vayne, Lee 
Linguinigames;When champs like Kassadin get new ones. She has 2 good ones, it's enough if you ask me.
Caesarar;Not really. Most scripters might not be challenger/master material but they are usually plat/low diamond. They're like the bad pro athletes that need to juice in order to compete.
ththdk;I love the victorious one, but for that to happen she'll have to be played a lot in next season in the LCS. The teacher one is also cool, but her spells would be hard to animate.
-Lugubrious-;His W 100 to Zeroa u?? Hahahahahah
SnookDog;Chat restriction doesn't affect trollig and feeding. I'm with OP here, short bans takes them right out for the day! It could be frustrating if you know you didn't deserve it.
LaysPaprika;Wut
Terker2;That would be great yeah :V
MinahoKazuto;noooooooooo
Gouleith;Yea man, TF has a real tough time clearing the minion wave... -_-
SpittinGriz;Dude that's pretty sick!
prototypix;Thank you!
AzzyIzzy;He's said he has played before (but Rl said the same thing and was apparently gimped multiple times by his flawless attitude in solo que), but like Monte he isn't really a hard core player or someone like Loco/Saint and so on who have played in the scene to a competitive level.  What Thoorin usually (he misses a few rants and articles here and there like his recent one about forgiven) does however is bring articulate and well thought out ideas or notions that come more from his experience watching Esports from SC:BW (which he considers the top of all time) to Quake and CS. Because of this with his level of focus, he can quickly learn things about the scene or the game, and he can then talk to people within games (his famous interview series 'grilled' for example) and extrapolate great discussions concerning the game. He can also bring out the context for which it takes place, and digging out perceptions from un-eloquent players.   However you really won't find these once in awhile bad rants and/or articles the main source of peoples criticism of Thoorin, most issues against Thoorin stem from his more idgaf attitude on certain shows or twitter posts. Some people also dislike him because he criticizes what people like for the right (and sometimes wrong) reasons, and some people dislike him for his ideology.  Regardless the man is smart and has decent control over himself and his functions unlike other commentators or analysts we have had over the years. He has certainly helped the scene, (he has been a 'nuisance' or an 'asset' depending on what side you are watching him from) and his record of being seen as decent and terrible for the right and wrong reasons makes it seem like he has been invaluable. He gives just about the right amount of push and shove to allow intellectual awareness and discussion. Or he gives just about the right amount of salt.
Yooie12;Yeah it was. Jumps on you and presses 2 buttons. Jumps right on out. Chuck up the deuces. 
DNamor;A man can dream Siantlark...a man can dream.
Leash_Me_Blue;damn dude.    "Daaarknesss." - Nocturne
Ignitus1;Why am I watching a video of a TV showing the video?
I-am-TwistedFate;Except chat restrictions right now are automated... If a game is reported even by one person, it scans your chat logs, then flags that game as either toxic neutral or positive, then if you get enough of these flagged games you get a chat ban. The system is pretty smart so it isn't like it would be 4 reports=ban, it could read through the chat and see if a ban is warranted or not. 
esperj;she recently got the Suprise Party skin, order of the banan something its called
Gouleith;His damage is fine. His cleavers hit like trucks. The issue is even if he had more damage he still gets ignored because of ZERO hard cc. The issue is he does nothing that somebody else can't do better
Thekzy;looks more like special ops rengar to go down with the special ops gangplank
LlamaManIsSoPro;When someone rages at me I often reply back with things completely random like 'My penis is 2cm long' and 'So what I like Yummy Penis' after someone is like "wtf feeder" or yelling at me. Makes me laugh responding like rager like this.
Yooie12;those season 1 ap ratios were the shit.
NerdyHydra;- **Server:** NA  - **Type of Bug:** Visual   - **Description:** Bug with Quinn (found while using Phoenix Quinn skin). After attacking a minion with Quinn's passive on it, subsequent auto attacks against an inhibitor will use Quinn's passive auto attack particle and sound. The normal auto attack particle and sound returns upon attacking a tower or minion that does not have Quinn's passive ready to activate. This bug was not tested with attacking champions w/ Quinn's passive and subsequently attacking the inhibitor.  - **Video / Screenshot:** N/A  - **Steps to reproduce:** When Quinn's passive is on a minion, attack it and then subsequently auto attack an inhibitor.  - **Expected result:** Quinn attacks the inhibitor with the basic auto attack particle and sound.  - **Observed result:** Quinn attacks the inhibitor with the passive auto attack particle and sound.  - **Reproduction rate:** 100%  - **System specs:** Irrelevant. 
Zamodiar;&gt; Nami  The buffs she got did add roaming power as forcing engages got a lot easier with the extra 20 ms.
International00;Yea. It's a bug with the arclight skin. IDK what causes it tbh.
Kobe_Beefburg;I think the better question is why don't people just buy the RP cards they have at most major retailers...
pimo91;Did you miss the part Floyd Maybitch was just caught taking an illegal IV before the fight? Read the news, folks
JesusFreak42;No it doesn't really get better. It's even more egregious in 3s. I've got a couple Plat 5 TT teams, and we're low Gold to mid Plat, we always play vs mid Plat to high Diamond guys. 
Minecraftshenanigans;it is pretty insane, seems way more powerful than even janna's 
-Lugubrious-;I was Dyrus season 1
PerfectionV;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qfznk38SjPs
FuujinSama;I mean, everyone is nostalgic of shit. Doesn't mean we want to bring it back. It's just that when we miss something we tend to remember only the good parts.
whisperingsage;FemAzir very appropriately looks like Pharah from Overwatch.
prototypix;Glad you like it! 
Ignitus1;IMO he should sheath his sword when his Q stacks drop off
Gouleith;How does she beat Azir? I can't imagine she doesn't get sliced up when she tries to proc her passive on minions
prototypix;Thanks!
prototypix;Thank you :)
coldize;you accidentally a word
prototypix;Noted, thanks! 
TJGV;Or you really just need to grow up
prototypix;Haha, maybe in the near future :)
Diegoggl;yasuo player here (hated by everyone in bronze and silver xD) the q don't go in CD and its not a bug, yasuo q its a AA and can be canceled with cc, and yeah i can win probably vs you jajaja
upyoars;To join english chat, click the plus sign above korean chat box, click english room and click join chat.
IDUnavailable;Never forget.
Hawkburr;Haha, I'll take the compliment! Thanks very much for the kind words.
X1phoner;reported for reporting me
rbot1;Is this supposed to make sense?  MAybe English is his second language?
TJGV;Because the circle jerks are ran by 14 year olds who think making fun of lisps is hilarious
Thirdatarian;You make it sound like height in love eclipses everything else in your life, when in reality being in love just changes your view of things. Instead of viewing your job as enough, you start thinking "is this job sufficient enough for long term for two people, and does it detract from my relationship with them?". For now most LCS pros are content with providing for themselves with a game they enjoy in a bachelor lifestyle, but once the romantic interest get involved League is a lot less interesting when it involves such a huge time and energy commitment.   That aside, I doubt most of the LCS players are in love with their esports hunnies. I'm not saying they're all gold diggers but from what I've seen some of them flock to and from socially awkward guys with sizable amounts of money pretty often. 
hellakevin;Old nidalee. Just dodge the spear bro. 
MinahoKazuto;farming the midlane waves over and over again and not applying pressure is probably what u did all game '-'
Forget_Opinions;Is there a link I can view at work with the new ban method? I have been unable to play due to my 16-18 hour shifts at work for the past 5 months.
Eldis;You can also alt+tab, open System Tray, click the Riot client and use chat from the client as usual if you don't mind missing the action while chatting. 
prototypix;Thank you!
Gouleith;Yea tanks shit on Velkoz. Whenever I get him in ARAMs I'm so happy spreading my liandrys burn. But when it comes to 4k+ health tanks with 200+ MR I don't do jack shit
ShinyWobbuffet;Its k man. Just dont lose the last game to Kristen and bring back the banner to killarney.  
Black_Nanite;So TSM comes out of group b as 1st while SKT and EDG take 2nd and 3rd? If one of the groups ends up having SKT and EDG in it, I don't expect anyone else to get out.
prototypix;Thanks! I'll see if I can fix it up at a later date :)
whisperingsage;That's just [Ryoko Habuki](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/it/thumb/1/12/Ryoko.jpg/280px-Ryoko.jpg) dressing up as Bard.
HeadCrusher135;Liandry's DoT cant kill iirc. 
korsan106;OMG  a visual bug end of the world gg lol 
prototypix;Fair enough. Thanks anyways!
FuujinSama;True. Ashe's non-Q attack sound was pretty damn satisfying.
prototypix;Thank you! 
vmellbin;Tip 2 if you gank my lane whilst im spam pinging you fall back i probably dont want you there...  Tip 7 Your jungle? My lane farm and your never gonna get diamond 1 in ranked 5s with that attitude. Jungler is a supportive low farm role generally unless ur playing nocturne yi or udyr or shyv. also generally you dont seem friendly or considerate of your laners needs i understand some of the tips but sometimes your laner probably asks you for a counter gank and you just refuse cause you would rather farm which can cost your laners hugely. In high elo many champs need to push to win lane (ahri mid, tf mid, vlad top, cait bot, Trist bot) and so on so you being there to counter gank can win the game. Also nothing sucks more than being camped whilst your jungler is doing nothing on the map theres 2 sides to every story.
Eldis;wat
caat9;the visa related issues to pros are endless no only to gambit, and no one is calling riot on their propaganda of providing visas like nfl and sports players. They take credit for it but it's a pure fallacy.
prototypix;Haha, thanks! Constructive criticism is always welcome. Is it the eyes? I might fix it up in a bit once I get time. 
BasedGodLettuce;"H4H4H4H4H4H4H4H4H4H4H4"-Nunu bot
Shinrat3nseii;NA fucking sucks, and EU sucks besides FNC. stfu
Boxingar;I said i'd like to fuck little childeren in the arse on trade chat  on wow and got banned for 72h 
Shinrat3nseii;I really don't understand how people don't realize this. They're trying to say "Xmithie sucks, xmithie only 2 champs", well fucking huhi has no champs and is a fucking mid main. plus xmithie fucking carried playoffs, how're you gonna say he sucks, that's just your bias from spring split talking morons.
S0mango;Go on some odd website where you can buy smurfs, there is some where you can get a korean account.  Enjoy.
prototypix;Nope, I did it as fan art for fun. :) I am planning on tweeting them though, so maybe that'd help with exposure! 
Xamnation;I would be willing to do this and I do have the abiltiy to stream. The only 2 issues I can see are that I don't actually have any money of my own until I get a job again, As well as the fact that while I can stream, I lack any of the "professional" streaming mods and other equipment to make the stream stand out.
SpittinGriz;My god.... Legendary game xD
upyoars;Wow..I seriously wonder how much alphadraft pays him. Hes doing a good job of advertising it imo.
maijqp;Regardless of how long he's been jungling competitively he's still been playing the game for a long time and has a vast amount of knowledge about the game. Theoddone has been jungling since season 1 so he has much more knowledge about the game and jungling as a whole then a large amount of players.
Dynami_1;That's pretty sad I only play with one or two friends and we just try to win every game and laugh off the afks and ragers
korsan106;yes
prototypix;Thanks!
S0mango;You already posted your bullshit video few hours ago and if no one answered or upvoted it you don't need to upload it again.  Few clips from one game put together doesn't make good content to watch.
Hawkburr;Thanks so much for taking the time to comment, glad you love it! Feel free to share it with anyone else you think would enjoy it :)
NormTheStorm;Very true. Control-oriented mages such as TF, Orianna, Anivia, Ziggs, and so many others generally can hold their own in lane unless they're against a champion that hardcounters them (Usually certain assassins)(Fizz). This is the textbook tradeoff where their weaker laning phase is the tradeoff for their better control in a teamfight.  Worlds = More strategic teamfighting = more teamcomps built around teamfights (or having it as a decent fallback on a splitpush comp) = more mages = more TF
korsan106;lol after I got out of Diamond 5 for the 4th time this season I am just gonna play 1 game every week on my main it is SOO stressfull and full of cancer 
FuujinSama;Well, but what would you expect? No events in Europe because some players have green cards and can't get a Visa? That's unreasonable. CLG had a lot of time to prepare for the possibility. They might not have the paperwork ready immediately, but they could've everything ready to fly XMithy to the Philippines the day after their victory.   CLG probably wasn't even aware of the problem until recently and that's totally on the team. I don't see why the organization would be at fault. You don't see big sports organizations have issues like these. 
rRase;Xin Zhao is one of the most versatile champions when it comes to item builds and the way the game is played. Sure, in duels and fights he just dives in with E, but he also has numerous disrupting abilities such as his ult and his Q. Saying that Xin Zhao is too linear and lacks versatility is like saying the same for the likes of most ADCs. They have one job; to fight. A rework is required on a champion when the champion either is too difficult to balance, lacks counterplay, or is just straight out annoying. Names like Zilean, Warwick, Taric, Poppy, Sion, Nidalee and Gangplank come to mind. Xin Zhao has no need for a rework. He is balanced, and does his job. No champion is supposed to be able to be played in every scenario.
ChrisCP;https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=O3igggNc8yU&amp;list=PLDWZzME8jCpLtd8lJxSrAELu7cUQC_lOQ&amp;index=7
GankerNBanker;Registering acc in Korea is actually annoying..
BelugaToo;You'd think the gigantic shield plus outta nowhere ninja would be enough...
I-am-TwistedFate;^ this, been playing for 6 years, along with 4 other friends, and not one of us has even received a warning. 6 years, a few thousand games EACH and not even one warning.... And we aren't super nice to everyone, we just don't act like complete assholes. 
kmzq;Aatrox effect is up all the time, you can get it and come 10minutes later and you still have it. Jax's is only up for his passive duration which you should know by the time he comes at you.
Shinrat3nseii;If you want to just scrim regularly and not just for the tournament, add me, shinrat3nsei. My team just got diamond 5.
kallicks;Ayyy
hellakevin;You forgot old tiamat that ranged guys could use for trolling tiamat-tuesdays. Also I really miss wiggles lantern :(
karaageth;any mage with no dash, give him a faster movement speed (something like ahri Q)
rulewater10;suuure. "I'm In korea too"
Sukihoe;Alright, I'll try to give you a better answer, most of these are not really correct and as I am Dutch and smoke weed I would like to give you my insights. Not many teenagers smoke marijuana, most teenagers have tried it though. Yes, it is legal to buy but you've gotta show your ID to prove you are 18 years old (In 99% percent of the coffeeshops). So as a teen you gotta know someone who will buy for you (e.g. an older brother). Then you got different parents. Some parents really discourage it, maybe they've never smoked it or are really against it, some parents don't mind (they kinda foresee that at one point in their kid's life the kid is gonna smoke weed so...) and there are the parents who smoke weed with their children ( but these are rare ). FYI someone said that marijuana isn't really different from a regular cigarette, that is very incorrect, I recommend you to smoke a joint to find out. But he is correct on the fact that most teens smoke cigarettes, not weed as it is harder to get and not that many teens are interested in, most of them just try it and then leave it.  I hope I explained it well to you.
TipiTapi;Ofc you lost it cos on lane vayne the item is terrible. My friend play vayne jungle and its still very weak early but he wrecks faces pretty hard once its stacked up and dont even get me started of the lategame he has. 
Fancypantsu2;Ryu is nowhere near yellow in terms of being the #2. Yellow was(and is) famous for always being second(usually to boxer) and his nickname 'kong' is used as a word meaning 'the second'. After yellow retired from SC he appeared in some korean TV show and got quite famous even among non e-sports fans. So now the whole country knows him and his story 
msanx;This must be top comment 
Black_Nanite;Not going to guess the letters.  SKT IG AHQ OG   FNC TSM YFW BT   LGD KT H2K C9   CLG EDG KOO PG  Kakao will finish what he started and bring down the SKT Organization.
destroidid;I've had my fair share of bans in WoW back in the day and I've certainly been banned and have talked to GMs due to offensive language. Either way, the point is that the GMs actively talked to people and punished those who stepped out of line while giving some pretty fair warnings. That's why the under 24 hour ban system works in that game compared to League where for the most part, you would have to go out of your way to receive a ban.
Zheif;Well fuck. There goes all of my amazon credit card funds. 
Hawkburr;I would love to make it into one!   It's much more involved, but it would be a lot of fun. If it gains enough traction, I'm hoping I can make that dream come true.
Leash_Me_Blue;Spaghetti code probably wouldn't let the shadows change colors, but when they did, the minions changed colors too.
Bbqbones;It lacks a certain something is also an English saying as well.
-Lugubrious-;Running Man style, I'm in
Dakillerclown87;weird as shit tho.
Shinrat3nseii;Earlier today, I played with a HEAVY ass team. just getting to lane phase and then my team dying left and right top and mid, i told my duo q support that i'm not even gonna try hard in this game so we both went around 'trollin'. I was lvl 5 twitch, so just went top to gank 3-0 fiora, ended up killing her. then ran mid and ended up killing 2-0 Yasuo. later on, i'm like 8-0 from these stupid ganks. but then i realize my yasuo is only lvl 28 whereas enemy team is all plat, and my naut top keeps getting dicked by fiora. i was very close to flaming them, they literally could not have been heavy. but ya know what, i didn't see the point. i'm already shit talking them to my friend, they already know they're sucking. me pointing it out wasn't gonna help me win game, so i just said ggwp. they all ended up gifting me and my friend after game for feeding so much.
_Fiku;so Wukong means 5 Donkey Kongs  and Xin Zhao means element zhao?
Venne1138;&gt; It's NA vs the world  \&gt;Implying I don't wanna see TSM get wrecked on :p 
ArcticEnergy;Ok. Go back to Inven and never come back to Reddit. I m tired of pessimists.
I-am-TwistedFate;lol i bet the are also the type of person who thinks Riot should make smaller bans because they can't act like a human being, only like an asshole
climber_g33k;Ever since they removed the signpost south of dragon, I tend to fail the Scarra ward about 50% of the time.
DarudeSandstorms;Yeah, it was Taric mid and Vlad support lol 
msanx;Yeah and 90% of the Koreans on foreign teams have little to no English when they join foreign teams... 
tGenesis;So there you go, 7 months and plenty of change, couldn't you say the same for Sky and one year?
youhavfatbelly;Or better yet, Riot should remember they run a video game and fix it along with the client. gtfo here with your 'cry toxic when i loosexD' bullshit. People like you are the reason mordekaiser is the best fucking adc in the game and darius can be played by hellen keller. Yeah, I can't even fathom thinking it would ever get this bad.
RiotJattDilemma;reported for toxicity
upyoars;What elo are you? challenger? how old r u?   u sound really young in your yt renekton laning videos.
frostwolfeh;When it's worlds time its no longer TSM, CLG, or anyone else. It's NA vs the world.
theswerto;Everyone has bad days, buddy. 
Azir_Used_Fly;Set the monitor as the primary monitor. If you want to still use your laptop screen for everything else just drag your taskbar over to it and your desktop icons. After a while of opening windows and moving them to the laptop screen your pc should remember this and open them there automatically. (mine does anyway, I have 3 monitors)
KingOfMesopotamia;Be an ass = chat restriction or temp ban. Continue being an ass = perma ban (takes a lot of times) or get lots of chat restrictions (like 1500)
hellonium;Long time SC player here. Fuck that game is hard whatever you have. 
Drchrisco;To be fair it worked for c9
prototypix;Thanks! :)
-Lugubrious-;Get gud
derekiv;Was on a losing streak, decide to do some role select. Got matched against a diamond one lulu. I'm gold.
750z;To all the other people saying "count to 3" etc, why have it shown on Aatrox's w then?    To OP, i think the main reason is because that visual change is something that was brought up not that long ago, well after Jax was released anyways, and since then they forgot about Jax. 
wqerc13;I'm not talking about small scale decision making, that stuff is good. I'm talking about the fact that the baron spawns at 20, and a simple one man pick feels like you have the security to take baron with no worries about getting aced/killed etc. and once you've obtained the buff, you've not only secured 1500 gold +empowered minions/stats, but you've also secured 1800 gold worth of towers+kills whilst the enemy pitifully tries to defend, as well as offensive stats and other objective control (leading to more offensive stats). It basically snowballs into a 5k+lead at 20 minutes as soon as a single player dies.   Previously, prior to the introduction of the empowered minions, the buff felt like a power up, which was harder to attain. Where as it's now not only easier to obtain but it's like obtaining invincibility.  Once the enemy had the buff, there used to be defensive/contention options. 
Goorag;You're 6 years late on AP Trist being a thing.
KohakuSlayer;how u know I was gold 4?  ya did bad in placements and got gold 4, took a long break from league and now im plat 3 trying to get diamond again  
I-am-TwistedFate;then don't act like an asshole? it really isn't that hard
Fehyt;He almost solokill faker while playing ziggs, faker had to flash out
it_was_just_singed;Yasuo when you're just 1v1ing someone with autos. And you just keep chain-missing the q's. Had it happen and instantly knew I was tilted.
kentrag;This seeding system is nothing like the Champions League. The current worlds seeding system is based entirely off of how you managed to qualify on that particular year leading up to worlds. The Champions League seedings are worked out by taking all teams which have qualified for the tournament that year and seeding according to previous performances, e.g how many years they have qualified for it previously, how far they've managed to progress within the tournament on each occasion. This couldnt be related to LoL as there isn't a large enough sample size in LoL worlds performances yet and unlike in tournaments like the Champions League the teams who qualify can and do drastically change year on year.
ArcticEnergy;wth, no no no thats bullshit
Leash_Me_Blue;Thought this would be another useless website/application that apparently took more effort than raising a child, but looked like it was done by a child.   Was proven wrong. A+ 10/10
mutlibottlerocket;Wow, this is super slick. Love it!
YackLol;Aww why, did I hurt your feelings and break through your thick skin. Your right, argument if over your argument if flawed,  and the fact that you don't see that means you never will. My final statement before I give you the "repercussions" of being an idiot and block you is that you should again try to exercise your right to free speech more often.
rosalinah;Good. Do you remember when she wasnt almost useless? Her pre-6 was awful but if you didn't poke that bitch below half HP, when she hits 6 you're getting fucked.
funhose;*all of them are aoe, unless you're counting her plants
I-am-TwistedFate;This guy gets it, but i personally believe Riot needs to be much more strict with giving punishments. I mean, is it that hard to act like a human being and not like a complete asshole? 
LazyBub;Definitely would be cool if there was a smartphone app for it :(
I-am-TwistedFate;I like this idea, funnel all the flamers, trolls and assholes into the same queue and let them deal with their own shit. That way all the decent human beings who aren't complete assholes don't have to listen to people like you.
Half_The_Battle;Similar, but there are quite a lot of differences between the two.
CaulkSauce;Mathematically speaking as long as he built LB at 5th or 6th item he can convincingly do more dmg/time assuming he doesn't get 4 man Q's off all the time without building it.
EvilMuffin93;then its your job to ignore them, if there not saying anything useful, mute them
Goorag;I did my fair share of shittalking in WoW. You must have said some pretty offensive shit to get banned in that game.
sdwiredude;you don't know what you are talking about
OptimusFine;Verdict: Evil later in life.
MadlyChemical;By the way, OFW = Oversea Filipino Workers.  And yes, this is a persistent problem particularly among Malays, Indonesians, and Filipinos.  I totally forgot about the TNT abbreviation lol. Good to see a Filipino round this sub ;)
vyeung6;Third world asian country problems. T_T 
Hiddenturkey44;I'm getting a huge Jigsaw vibe from this...
dA_reeL_a9002;I recently had an AFKer on my team who said "I work late and can only play 2 games a day, not wasting my time on this shit" when we were losing 10 mins in. It's not just angry kids. 
remember_morick_yori;&gt;You're hung up on one champion  No, that one champion is what this thread is about. YOU are the one coming in here talking about other champs. MAKE YOUR OWN THREAD IF YOU WISH TO COMPLAIN ABOUT ALL CHAMPIONS.  I'm making a thread about one champion. Not to discuss the clarity of every single champion in the game. I just want to draw attention to this one thing and it worked.  You are going full retard and arguing with someone who's not arguing you over that, son.   * I'm not saying Morde's overpowered [in the OP, anyway].  * I'm not saying I can't play around the ability.  * I am not talking about every champion in the game and do not wish to, that's your issue and if you want to keep bringing it up then make your own thread.  **I am simply saying that his third hit Q, which can kill people in a single hit, does not adequately display its power for the purposes of both gameplay and power.**  &gt;Then you rely on Rito to do your thinking for you by putting in brighter/more obvious VFX to supplant your laziness  But yeah you're right man, the deaf people and people with poor vision who have agreed with me on these complaints definitely don't deserve to play this game! Lazy fucks amirite? /s
korsan106;lol that was SO annoying
GhostFYI;&gt; king they were better off with Huhi jungling and now this pesky justice warrior tries to ruin everything  Brother nuuuuuuuuu
LeagueSeaLion;When her ult had 140% ap ratio
Gorefiende;THIS TRULY IS THE DANKEST TIMELINE, ANYTHING IS POSSIBLE!!!
Azir_Used_Fly;Completely remove your drivers and reinstall. I had to do this and so did a friend of mine. Works flawlessly now.
hamfalcon;Think ive played with you in plat , Gratz.
rRase;Xin has no need for a rework
korsan106;afk GG easy
PapaOogie;But did you get a sightstone?
penea2;HIjacking thread, but how does one leave spectate?
Tusjecht;The other thing that hasn't changed is the Jax disrespect.  People need to realise that leaving Nasus, Vayne, Tryndamere, and Jax alone in the jungle and/or in lane is basically giving a win to them.
AutoModerator;Your post has been removed automatically because all images and short videos, except for infographics, must be submitted in text posts.  If you submitted an infographic, please message the mods by [clicking here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fleagueoflegends), otherwise [click here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/submit?selftext=true) to resubmit your image the proper format.  If you're not familiar with the subreddit rules, you can read them [here](http://reddit.com/r/leagueoflegends/w/subredditrules).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
soulreaver292;To please LustBoy so he'll carry turtle
KingOfMesopotamia;I didn't. I fully agree with you btw, it's just you forgot that they are also bad
phelski;Has any European player been rejected to the US for tourney? I'm not sure but I haven't heard of one
Seraphic_Wings;Nah, Revolver Ocelot Gangplank would suit best
24AllDay2;Morde isn't the best AD in the game. His winrate is at 53% and hes number 10. The site that says he has a 65% and up winrate is wrong and drops a lot of lossed games. Darius has the same glaring issues hes always had. Everyone needs to stop complaining about x number of champions every patch. Anytime something new happens the entire community deems it broken or useless with it barely having a chance to develop and learn what you have to do to deal with it. Is Kat op too?
goodguynextdoor;Holy shit; this script is too much for me to handle. I can't wait for the next episodes and the finale. Then... the next season...
korsan106;it makes as  much sense as the jinx I just got on my smurf who though she could laneswap (I think it was silver/gold elo dont know my smurf has like %80 win rate so really high MMR) even though we lost real bad it was REALLY funny seeing her trying to laneswap lol
The_ChosenOne;Lol you have a point, but i meant low cds on abilities like Riven's, the dashes and shields and stuns just seem so strong the cd seems like it should be longer. Yasuo is built around have 2 low cd abilities that only have 1 slightly inconsistent cc compared to 2 really eash to land ccs and insane mobility without relying on creeps.
MissPetrova;If riot decides that they only want to give rewards to positive people, that's their prerogative.  It's like how being a dickweed to a police officer gets you fifty tickets and hefty fines. You have no idea just how many rules you break on a daily basis until you insult an officer.
Musical_Whew;well there's always gonna be champ thats best at a particular thing, so it doesnt concern too much that she doesnt have too many bad 1v1 match ups since dueling is her thing.  I just think that the starting point to balancing her is taking away some of her teamfighting utility with her crazy aoe heal which imo is just a random addition to her kit that riot made to try and give her some teamfight presence, but its too much (at least the aoe part of it).
Yooie12;RIP old trist + dfg. 
KounRyuSui;:C
TheDashiki;I never understand these people. "Yeah, I did rage, but when I contacted support they had no proof. NO PROOF! So I was banned unfairly."  What proof do you need exactly when you admitted to it?
rudebrooke;Yep all speculation at this point, I do hope AHQ gets in a group with KOO or KT though
conternecticus;Metal Gear Solid vibe wow rito pls
I-am-TwistedFate;How is it unnecessary? Just don't act like an asshole and it won't even matter to you. 
gooselift;Oh man you totally can
GodOfWarMick; What do you want?: Stream Overlay and Desktop Overlay  Champion(s): Naut (astro skin) Zac (Pool Party) Wukong (any)  Specific images (optional):  Specific colors (optional):  Size (pixels is preferred): 1920 x 1080  Text(optional): God Of War Mick, Facebook logo GodOfWarMick (my page) Current Song, Recent Donator  Font(optional):  Anything else?:  In-game screenshot (stream overlay only): http://i.imgur.com/8Va9ylU.jpg
Poogler;His W is amazing at denying farm.
steijn;he didn't even trip once
Bukk4keASIAN;idk about ludens, i would go rylais. e for slow and proccs liandries, slow makes liandries do double damage makes rylais keep slowing 
I-am-TwistedFate;Or or i have a better idea, no warning, no 2 hour ban you just act like a decent human being and not a complete asshole? Seriously between me and 4 other friends who have been playing this game for 6 years not a single one of us has received even a WARNING.
Mr_Sue;ty dood
MadlyChemical;If only we had sandbox mode to test this out in various iterations and conditions without having to spend 3 hours.
IeJa;Clarity? are you sure you don't mean Cleanse?
mrpianist;Ranked 5 Singed mastery is literally just running around until you get a golden emblem!
SilverStride;Maraming maraming salamat po!
WarchiefSivir;That's Brand. The passive DoT does massive damage.
-ASAP-;Hey, your montages are the best!
Midknight226;Without any international competition to go off of since MSI, this argument will go on forever and I'm tired. So I guess we'll see what happens in a month.
Qari;8/8
phelski;It would thou, hey we have 5 people that are gonna come play for a weekend and never come back ? How much to get em in and be done with it
ToyTreason;honestly i get reported all the time for not ganking well or often enough, not doing well, hell i get reported when i try to tell my team we can win and someone has decided otherwise. I think the automated system is going to help, but I also think that a difference of approach would help with many of the people they are targeting. If the current methods aren't resolving the toxicity of the community, and they aren't, then the methods need to be remade.  And yes, I have raged a few times legitimately and for that reason I don't feel as though my punishment was unjust. Did it fit the crime or in any way encourage me to change my ways? Not really. Like I said, the current system empowers anyone to report anyone for anything. The way that things work needs to be overhauled completely.
sauceke;Can anyone fill me in on what the new system is going to be like in general? Like, what's different from before?  Thanks in advance!
S7EFEN;literally anything with a %hp dot or ranged poke is going to have high dmg dealt.  Doesn't mean it is significant  damage though. As most of it is just harass in lane that breaks even with base hp5...
freakuser;/r/humblebrag 
MissPetrova;Because it's a stellar PR move and a classic leadership trick of the trade.
docnox;blue should have built tanky 
Hammershank;What is the song?
AutoModerator;Your thread has been removed because your account is too new. If you think it was a mistake message us [here](http://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=%2Fr%2Fleagueoflegends).   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
SeveralKnapkins;Kinda like Xmithie. 
MoneyHar;Love the art :). Looking forward to more art if its in the works from you ^_^
Neighbor_;It sounds like spongebob dubstep.
AssaultMode;yes
Chanc3-N-Choic3;I've been resting my router and modem. it some times works, and some times only works for a bit.   But it's annoying. Some jerk raged at me for my  "toaster". Sweet sweet karma though, since next que he was on enemy team, i didn't get any ping spikes and i destroyed him. That was the last ranked game I played. But i digress.   I've only been playing aram since i don't want to lose lp. It started after the release of the project skins.   Hopefully they fix it though. I don't get the same out of an aram win, also season rewards... :/  Oh and my Internet works fine on anything else, and I'm not running anything other than league.   So pretty please Riot, fix it. Please. 
goodguynextdoor;Also can confirm. One of the bigger reasons that I think why this is enforced so heavily is because too many people want to go abroad and work.
Molgan;&gt; do you sacrifice worldwide interest in your tournament    Im pretty sure the majority of the fans would want the best teams to go to the playoffs/finals. Maybe not in the west. But that way we would make sure most(probably all) chinease and korean teams would advance to round of 8 and China and Korea have way more fans/viewers Than the west.    So to say most fans would like it this way is probably wrong . Most western fans probably would like a system where the western team gets easier groups Then They should. But the majority of the fans isnt from The west.
KounRyuSui;Can confirm, instances of "TNT" (Tago Nang Tago, or hiding from authorities in fear of deportation) are far from uncommon, *especially* in the US. While Xmithie and the vast majority of OFWs are obviously getting around by legitimate means, the laws are there for a reason, no matter how insanely bureaucratic.  Stills sucks for him though, so I hope the process can be expedited somehow. BASED BAM THO
Qari;I'm gonna guess he's southern, cause we use would've (also would of) in weird ways.
bounty1012;It works, its just really bad. 
S0v1et_Bear;brand support is like vel koz or annie support, you didnt get mid but want to do a shit ton of damage
YackLol;Yah you get punched in the face instead. You would know a lot about that.
wigglypoocool;What we should do is compare current pool system with all of the pundit's power rankings. I'd bet we'd see a significantly less power gap between pundit power rankings than the current pool system (which is what Thorin is argument).   I think Thorin misses the point though. Fuck the power ranking, the entire format of groups is retarded as hell, we get so little inter-region games, and that the viewers only get to see a handful of games of the teams that can't make it past groups, which is fucking awful.  I want to be able to see SKT/LGD/EDG/KT style on EVERY other team, not just a couple of teams. 
Jamial;This is just wrong. Completely wrong. 
freakuser;Penith*
AzzyIzzy;While a pretty idea, old quotes by pendragon seem to suggest by a certain time ban length, the majority (if not all players past a point) would never reform who hit those ban milestones. http://forums.na.leagueoflegends.com/board/showthread.php?t=2256432&amp;page=51#post26144451  Later posts were more specific from 1 hour, one day, two day, 7 day, 14 day, then perma. Now while it may be cool for riot to do a test if they haven't seen the difference between now and when Lyte first joined (Lyte echo'd similar information, although with the edition of chat restrictions maybe things have changed?), it may be pointless. 
I-am-TwistedFate;That is why they should make the bans only count if you go through a a like 2 hour queue time then actually play a match. So you get a 2 hour ban, welp that 2 hours isnt going away unless you wait in queue for 2 hours then actually finish the match. You can't just wait until tomorrow or whenever to play because that isn't going away unless you actually wait it out
BOSS_Achilles;Thats actually how i played ashe but from the bot lane. When i hit lvl 6 i would recall and run up mid with the bf sword crit plus ult. was a kill 9/10 times. This chaotic playstyle of roam ashe helped me get carried into high elo with subpar mechanics and farm. Sad that ashe has no burst anymore :(
Raencloud;Maybe a little?  Ok yea a lot.
ssmssm902;Yeah, Lets be real.  Our existence probably will not make a difference to this world. Why are we still here?  :^) 
Jamial;What? Ofc. you can't stay in the Schengen area indefinitely, but if you have a work VISA for it, you can be in ANY OF THE COUNTRIES that are a part of the Schengen area for as long as your work visa lasts.
OptimusFine;Astute. I still play AP Yi to keep the dream alive. Also, Happy Cake Day!
Waex;Home guards will stop when he activates his r
zebrpenguin;Yeah dude youre right  When someone calls you a downie retard in game and you reply to them getting banned because the two friends they qued with and him all reported you is justified
xsharkninja;CLG took my Faith
IAmDarkridge;Solo queue games dont count towards the team ward season reward.
Bukk4keASIAN;... you have to win 10 games to QUALIFY for a ward skin. you have to reach 75 points by winning to get the highest tier ward skin
YackLol;So obvious that your lie its pathetic. 1 don't know what kind of garbage university would accept a paper on false chat restrictions/ and the fact that you have no facts, then again your probably in community college so they might accept garbage.  You were banned on 2 new accounts for saying doodoo head? Really, did u actually think that lie would work. A large majority of players are neutral, and everyone one has games where They flame. Guess what they use curse words and don't get auto restricted, the chances of you getting banned is about the same chance as you not bullshiting which coincidentally is the same chance of you having touched boobies.  Pro players getting restricted. Are you actually that dumb that you don't see that riot would check for them selves and not let a computer do it. If he was banned, guess what, they found him being toxic.  But please go ahead and write your garbage paper, and even send it to me, which again you won't , because your 100 percent bullshit.  P.S I write most of my comments on my phone, so if you find errors and think your smarter then me, which you might because your an idiot, we can set up a Skype session and compare academic and work accomplishments with evidence. 
SpittinGriz;Wish it was that easy to get a B- in college :/
EruisKawaii;Sigh I guess I know what this means, I always fk up things for my team ):
newbienick;-sighs- happens too often...
phelski;Manny pacquiao? Didn't he get his ass handed to him?
Salted_Fried_Eggs;Repercussion = Getting blocked.  But anyway the fact that you have to result to petty insults lets me know I have won this argument, We are done here.
Jamial;There's no need for such consideration; Europe is generally very open in regards to temporary/permanent work visas if you have a proper reason to be here. Such as e.g. the WC of LoL. Especially if you have a company such as Riot backing your story.  Also, it's cool that they cover more ground.
StupidSexyConnor;Can i play him like a good player instead? 
Snoopehpls;And he gets 13 gold for all that work xD
zenkazu;I've been having the same issue since the last few patches. Been hoping for some kind of a fix.
Izenhart;If you want to dank meme, at least meme properly  Divisions didn't even exist in S1, and Platinum used to be the highest Division once they were introduced
AutoModerator;This submission was removed because the title contains a URL and is likely violating [the subreddit rule on title context](/r/leagueoflegends/wiki/submissionguidelines#wiki_submission_titles_are_context_sensitive).  Please resubmit with an appropriate title.   *I am a bot, and this action was performed automatically. Please [contact the moderators of this subreddit](/message/compose/?to=/r/leagueoflegends) if you have any questions or concerns.*
I-am-TwistedFate;Maybe make timed bans only count when you start a queue? That way you have to wait 2 hours in queue and actually play a match before you can have the ban gone.
steijn;but redeeming this for league will only give NA codes.
OptimusFine;Next time save it until the end then feed the wrong one.
dirty_ronin;I take it that you enjoy Football?
OptimusFine;Verdict: not evil. Yet.
ZhicoLoL;He does need a rework but i think he should do light fighter, join fiora in her idea
mint420;I mean I think he'd still be sitting in on scrims to help Huhi. Maybe not every single one, but I don't think he just skipped them all. They even mentioned in the CLG post that he was with the team in Korea readying himself still for next season. I don't think they're just gonna suddenly stop updating him on strategies and stuff.
cakeofpie;Lol nexus used to tell you who was duo'd in your game but Riot told them to shut it down. They certainly can tell if you're duo or not 
DELLZOR;Just play r5s.
OptimusFine;I've only seen it explode once, I missed out when it was a fresh novelty.
Rowho;The Hispanic Mom impersonation was on point. 
OptimusFine;Going out of your way to hurt me.
LearningEle;The objective of Thorins ideas for seeding is to try to avoid creating a group that has more than two "very strong" teams. If you can seed the strong teams away from each other evenly than there is a higher chance to have a higher quality bracket stage of the tournament. In the current format it is possible for a group of like skt edg and kt + a wildcard or something to happen, which would mean that one of the tournament favorites would go out in groups no matter what.   You can argue that ultimately if a team loses then they weren't going to win the tournament anyway, but if one group is overloaded than there will also be an under loaded group on the other side of the bracket where a team much worse than kt/skt/edg makes it through the group stage because they were grouped with c9 and some wild card team.  Thorin tries to set it up so every strong team should have an equal chance to advance, barring being upset by heavy underdogs. Groups of death are interesting, but not really worth creating unfairly easy groups at the expense of losing stronger teams in the group stage.  Ultimately riot has already planned their group selection process so this whole debate is pretty pointless.
nazeki;Nice job!  It looks great.
Trinimmortal;lol no worries. My video was more of a guide, this was a montage, so they're different videos with a similar concept. It's all good.
whiteflagwaiver;In america we use (,) as a split for our numbers. 1,000,000. While in Europe they use (.) 1.000.000   For decimals they use (,) 3,00. While in America we use (.) 3.00
Lone_Nom4d;\*eye-twitch*
I-am-TwistedFate;I wish that anyone who left a game had to wait the full duration of the game and then received a scaling lockout that didn't start until you queued up. So first time you leave or afk, 30 minute queue next time you play, do it again ,say within a month, 1 hour queue. You get the idea
BDizzleNizzle;I'm honestly not sure since I can't test it.  I think Perk is actually global.
Shadoscuro;Not necessarily as it is still an on going process. If this was post-Worlds all this speculation would be past-tense so "would have had better luck" fits. However, there is still hope alive in his VISA process until he is replaced in that first Worlds game. Therefore we can say he "would have better luck" doing this, since it is an alternative to his current path of action. While OP was making a joke [wanting to be a refugee (in Germany no less)], I hope this clears up the literary confusion!
Jamial;Still a terrible reason. If they/he properly explained things, it really shouldn't be a problem. Entering Europe is NOT difficult if you have a proper reason for being here, and the World Championship would be just fine.  They either didn't do it properly, didn't do it in a timely manner, or there's something about Xmithie that they didn't tell us.  Edit; I've just gone through this thread, and people just don't understand; This is NOT an issue on the EU side of things. It is not difficult to get a work visa in the EU if you have a good reason to be here.
ILikeFluffyThings;d'oh! 2019 then!
Yoojinlee;I would be more understanding of your argument if you provided more reasoning for why it is a harsh punishment in the first place. As it stands, it takes quite a bit of effort to even get chat restricted in the first place so that it would require consistent bad behavior in chat in order to receive one. And furthermore, you do not even need to use the chat feature in order to succeed in the game. There are games where I have probably said less than a single word and smart pings sufficed. And even then, a chat restriction still allows for you to communicate to some extent (I believe 5 messages initially that increase over the time of the game) which should be sufficient for communicating any important calls.   As I see it, the chat restriction system allows for people to avoid the negativity of a player while being a rather minor nuisance to the punished player themselves. Of course, they might not see it as a nuisance, but considering how many games are played without a single word being said at all, I don't find it an overbearing punishment. So for me, the benefits outweigh the negatives of the system as it stands now. A more lenient system in terms of chat restrictions would only lead to more people having their games ruined compared to the people it would help. 
KevinSquirtle;kinda like how nintendo didnt have fucking copy right on a fucking armadillo with green and yellow color patter am i right?
Culcasi;I honestly never understood the Loco hate reddit circlejerk. He's honestly an amazing coach, and the fact that just because his boss called him out and made it so nobody respected him as a coach anymore, doesn't change the fact that he's a big part of TSM's success.
Notalent13;The r/gaming thread your referring to in which Total Biscuit himself said the censorship was disgraceful? Also, yeah, at that point no one knew Zoe Quinn's real name, that didn't come out for another two + months until a former photographer revealed it.  No sure how people phoned her parents without any of her real information, considering there is no real person named Zoe Quinn (Well, ok there probably is, and I actually feel kinda bad for her)
ShuiroKun;Holy shit that chat after the game was the definition of solo queue. Gratz on diamond by the way!
KounRyuSui;Bam Aquino, huh? Fuck yeah, there's hope yet!
750z;Riot should seriously consider this o.o
rudebrooke;I'm not taking it personally, we're just having a conversation.  I really don't think KT and KOO are very strong, both rosters have obvious weaknesses and their macro game isn't at a high enough level to make up for it.
Geinrendour;Pretty much. Fans will have an excuse though when they fail to get out of groups stage. :P
thebiggiewall;Maybe fix the spawning and recalling and call this bug a game mode
Hawkburr;Awesome, glad you love it! Thanks so much for your comment.   I'll try to add that functionality in the next day, I would try to get it done before I sleep, but I don't want to risk breaking anything because I'm sleepy :)
Sofaboy90;only the finals are in germany...
IAmNail;Um what? Every season Westerners have been getting closer to the Koreans since season 2 , People are actually saying western teams have a shot( mosty Fnatic) .It makes a huge difference whether a team has a jungler or two mids.....Im not sure why people think Koreans are gods when they are not, we have the infrastructure now, we have always had talented players that can climb even Korean solo que, get off the tiny Korean dick , i have faith, will you?
edgydankmemester69;i have a vagina
AhuraMazdah;you dont get banned when I played you only get put in the cesspool that is low priority 
thebiggiewall;I'd play this
keithioapc;The guy with the instant regret lee sin gif needs to step his game up and make one of a lucian dying mid bard portal.  Also this pentakill brought to you by Zekes.
no_context_bot;Speaking of no context:  &gt;Don't tell me what I can or cannot do with my anus and Roman candles in the privacy of my home.  [What's the context?](https://www.reddit.com/r/AdviceAnimals/comments/3jz0f6/its_labor_day_not_veterans_day/cutkvzr) | [Send me a message!](https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=no_context_bot) | [Website (Updates)](http://nocontextbot.herokuapp.com)  Don't want me replying to your comments? Send me a message with the title "blacklist". I won't reply to any users who have done so.  
I-am-TwistedFate;Honestly no we don't need less harsh punishments in this game, if anything Riot needs to be much more strict with punishing people. I have been playing this game for 6 years and have NEVER received even a warning. If you can't act like a decent human being then you deserve to be punished, you don't deserve the PRIVILEGE of playing the game. Seriously the only people who ask for less harsh punishments are the assholes who can't act civilized and think that it's ok for them to treat other people like garbage. 
Siantlark;Except it's not Pacquiao, it's Bam Aquino... 
HappyOnTheOutside;Wait, so you want energy champs to be more spamable off cd?  
goodguynextdoor;Maybe not your visa though, contains some pretty special info
iDerpTooMuchx3;Hmm, what if Yasuo got more movement speed as well, would he move faster during the ult or is he stuck at a certain movement speed when in Skaners ult?
hansley01;Teemo is considered good against juggies only because he can kite them quite fairly. There is nothing else he can do; he can't kill them when they build some MR and he can't kite effectively when they get Dead Man's Plate. Besides, they outscale him hard late game.
Frezien;Zyra Mid/Sup.   I swear the only thing she needs is a MS boost. Playing her as mid, yes I am squishy as hell, but I can wreck you if you don't play safe against me and my plants.  
You_and_I_in_Unison;And then the policy was expanded as soon as she left proving that reddit crucifying her for not really that bad policies was as fucking stupid as everyone with a brain said it was.
FrostAndShadows;so can we get and event like this in NA/EUW/LAN/LAS ???
Vidixx;The fact I got a B- with all that feeding 
Siantlark;It absolutely not ridiculous. The Philippines is a poor area, the Schengen area is not. Overstaying a visa is not unheard of, especially since money made abroad is worth more when sent back. There's entire books that can be written on the overseas worker culture of the Philippines, legal or illegal. 
DakiniBrave;/r/nocontext
Waterypyro;And he is an aspiring comedian, it's kinda a rule of thumb if your a respectful comedian you don't casually  make another persons joke your own. It's lazy and he doesn't learn/gain anything new from doing it.
UnFaZedXD;Friend gifted me Project Zed for my bday :D
SidianTheBard;I smell bullshit, you shouldn't steal cards from your local store.  
IGLightning;He is regarded as one of the best NA junglers in history, and is known for adapting to different meta quite quickly. He just wasn't as good of a main shotcaller as Hai, but mechanically he is amazing. He also has a lot of experience on the stage, also at worlds (which most of C9 doesn't).
Simic0;this is why I hate this subreddit
BalefireX;You mean Faker vs We1less?
elttsa16;During S2WC TPA was ranked 11th out of the 12 teams  but guess what.... they won the tournament 
Youre_all_worthless;the feeding?
DerKen16;Yeah man I don't like aram that much so it;s like w.e
Lone_Nom4d;He is the same guy.
nlPosIdon;You missed the point. I said why they can't change it and you glossed right on over it. There is too much community understanding and documentation to change it. 
Youre_all_worthless;oh, its banned
UnFaZedXD;App store for android
Calculus08;It was only a matter of time before every NA team had at least one Korean starting. 
